$2.4 Million Business Credit: Learn How to Get Approved!
live from Columbus Ohio this is the get
business credit YouTube channel with
your host Josh Van Horn subscribe now
and hit the Bell notification right now
to stay up to date as soon as we release
new business credit gems take it over
Josh hey welcome to get business credit
YouTube channel this is Josh just wanted
to say Happy Father's Day I hope all you
guys are having a wonderful Sunday
anyways let's get right into the video
in this video we're going to be going
over the four main business credit
bureaus you needed know how to
strategically build up business credit
so just to give you example like I have
the centurium black card here it's an
invite only through American Express and
as you can see behind me I have over 100
cards right there mainly I would say 70%
are business I got another stack here I
got another stack in my sock drawer I
have over $2.4 million in business
credit how I was able to obtain that
with a brand new LLC back in I think
2021 I did everything things
strategically so if you keep on getting
denials then you want to listen to this
video and listen to the whole entire
video building business credit doesn't
have to be complex even if you have bad
personal credit you can still achieve
good results building your business
credit and getting credit lines because
there still is several no PG no personal
guarantee options when it comes to
building up business credit of course if
you have good personal credit 700 or
higher then you can get even more
business credit even if it's not
personally guaranteeing some things are
say soft pool where they do a soft pull
on your personal credit report so can
you get millions having bad personal
credit scores no that's not likely but
can you get six figures having bad
personal credit yes you can it is
obtainable I would say between personal
and business I have well over 200 cards
I would say maybe 140 of them are
business cards and out of those credit
credit lines I would say somewhere in
the ballpark of 60% is no personal
guaranteeing and nothing comes up on my
personal credit at all so if you're sick
of getting denials and you don't know
what you're doing wrong you're applying
for certain credit lines and then say
synchrony Sam's Club no PG business
MasterCard say the reasoning for denial
is your business information cannot be
verified I can explain to you exactly
how to go about getting your business so
it is being able to verified by the
underwriters there's so much more to it
than personal credit there's only five
factors when it comes to your personal
credit scores with business credit you
have multiple different business credit
bureaus that you got to focus on and
strategically go after if you're trying
to get the Sam's Club no PG business
MasterCard you need to make sure your
experium business credit is in tiptop
shape and not just having random trade
lines reporting you need to have the
right trade lines and the right amount
of payment experiences and trade
payments a good account mix on that as
well not just some navs and incredible
net 30s you need to have more than that
so if you want to know more and you're
sick of getting denials and not getting
anywhere then just text me right here
937- 423
9954 I offer oneon-one business credit
mentorship I'll show you that here in a
moment but first let's get into the
video strategically building up your
business credit so as I dated there's uh
four main business credit bureaus and
depending on the underwriter they're
going to be more likely to pull for
financially related MasterCard visas
business lines of credit anything
Financial related nine out of 10 times
is going to be pulled by Experian
business that's what the underwriter is
always going to be using they could use
a overflow credit poll say Experian as
the their main decisionmaking but then
if something needs to be verified if you
lacking on experient Rich filmographic
data then they may use an overflow as uh
credit safe or it could be done at Brad
street or Equifax but more times than
not it's always going to be experient as
the primary poll and then if the rich
filmographic data is lacking then the
Overflow is always going to be either
credit safe or done in Brad street so it
is easy to obtain all this and all those
if you're strategically going after the
right credit lines and the right tra
trade lines don't just do this blind and
don't just go get these different net 30
trade line vendors where you have to pay
a fee like $99 membership fee a lot of
those aren't going to be beneficial half
of them don't even report the people
that are promoting those on uh YouTube
those don't ever even report and
business credit is not federally
regulated like personal credit is
there's a lot of issues involved when it
comes to businesses saying that they're
going to report but they don't so let's
jump into it so I'm going to break down
each one very quickly so we have dun and
Brad street first so dun and Brad street
was the major player nine out of 10
Underwriters 10 years ago 20 years ago
always used on a brad Street in fact
experion Equifax those weren't major
players Equifax and Experian was more so
on the personal however especially since
Co and a lot of fraud going on down in
brass street is actually pretty easy to
manipulate on doing the self-reporting
trade lines a lot of financial
institutions moved away from relying on
dun and Brad Street Credit Report data
to make their financial decisions they
may still use dun and Brad street but
the majority that are using dun and Brad
street for their primary decision making
is going to be Industrial Supply
Underwriters like quill Uline even
though Uline reports to Experian but
they actually going to be pulling in
you're done in Brad street so those type
of trade lines the credit departments
are typically always going to be pulling
done in Brad
street and some equipment leasing as
well next one is Equifax and payet it's
frequently used for really it's number
one when it comes to say business auto
financing the no PG business auto loans
a lot of people are getting ones for
Toro so like Ally for instance they're
going to be pulling Equifax and not all
but a majority of the lenders that offer
financing for business auto financing is
going to be Equifax and even on the
personal side Equifax is widely used so
just keep that in mind so if you're
trying to get a nopg business auto loan
then you want to work on all your
business credit bureaus because one
trade line U line for instance it's
rarely going to report to more than one
Bureau there is some that report to all
but it's very rare you really need to
have five to 10 trade lines reporting on
each Bureau so in reality you might need
to get 20 25 different trade lines to be
able to have that many across all the
bureaus but you can use C credible to
help get some of those other ones
reported toax so also if you're trying
to get say equipment leasing the
underwriters are typically going to be
pulling Equifax or done and brand Street
next is going to be Experian the most
important Experian business credit
information Solutions it's most commonly
used for SBA lending because they have a
business FICO score s spff business
banking lending fent Tech lending the
Dey or ramp cards Capital on tap web
Bank the D business line of credit and
the gas cards Master cards so all those
Underwriters are going to be pulling
experion business and the majority of
all businesses can benefit from
Financial products there's Limited
things you can do with say a Sun Belt
rental $440,000 credit line unless
you're in construction and you need to
rent a crane I recommend all my students
to build up Experian get those trade
lines that report to Experian that's by
far the most important and then you
build up all the other ones well that's
why I said strategically building up
your business credit will help you
obtain like I got because that's exactly
what I did is
strategically figured out who reports to
who even though some say they report to
this Bureau or that Bureau I was the
guinea pig to make sure that they
reported and I had the premium Experian
business membership where I could
correlate the last four digits of the
account number to all these different
cards and credit lines that I have to
see exactly who reporting what dates the
pattern each month and then you time
everything
strategically so you can benefit it and
then like OPM use other people's money
so you could use say one strategy y that
like I teach in my one1 business credit
mentorship is where you could take some
gas cards you could get unlocked for
multiuse and you can get multiple of
them from the same underwriter just
different brands and then you could say
liquidate or use one large purchase with
one and then in 30 days when it's due or
45 days when it's due use another one
that you have liquidate that to pay them
back with basically their own money you
can do that not saying you have to
that's again strategic methods that you
can utilize and I rarely talk about
those strategic methods because there is
a lot of fraud out there and a lot of
scammers that are actually just looking
to get these credit lines and never pay
them back that's why there's less and
less no personal guarantee available
anyways if you are interested in my 101
business credit mentorship text me 937-
423
9954 you can text me now and we can do a
free consultation and go over everything
okay next is going to be credit safe
most people probably haven't heard of
credit safe but it is the largest
business credit bureau in the world but
they are fairly new I would say in the
last five to seven years in the US but
their primary Market was like Europe
however they've been very aggressive for
the last 5 to seven years and they're
very popular as a overflow application
say Experian is primary used so
synchrony may use Experian to pull to
make say the Sams Club no PG business
MasterCard as their financial decision
making but then overflow will be
identity check poll through credit safe
just to verify the address and the
business owner's name even even if it is
OPG so just keep that in mind it's
primary use for business identity data
checks although there is trade lines
reporting they're getting bigger and
bigger so it's one Bureau that you do
not want to neglect but you do want to
put effort into building that one up as
well because it can really go a long
ways especially if you have all four
main bureaus real thick files then your
recommended credit limit with all of
them are going to be higher especially
if they're the right trade lines you
don't just want to go out blindly and
just get like say Suma office sply
strategic Solutions all those those are
crap anyways I don't suggest anybody
getting those but you don't just want to
go blindly and get all these $100 trade
lines because getting 10 of those is not
going to do anything for you in fact
it's going to look like you're trying to
build up your business credit to
intentionally I don't want to say commit
fraud but you're desperate you have to
do it strategically that's what I teach
in my 101 business credit mentorship
this is not an overnight process it
takes time but you can achieve amazing
things when it comes to business credit
having inter banking relationship is
also super important with business
credit and it can go a long ways so
anyways let's get out of here and then
I'll just make this real quick like I
said if you are interested in my
one-onone business credit mentorship I
have a few slots still available I have
now changed a little bit I have 12 weeks
I have 16 weeks 26 weeks and 52 weeks
depending on what your short-term and
long-term business credit goals are it's
for those that are new or established
business we need to First do a a free
consultation to see if I can qualify you
if I can qualify you then we can go from
there see if my program is right for you
because my mentorship is not for
everybody real quick if you are still
listening this is my client portal so if
I do accept you you're going to just go
to this I'll give you all the
instructions you're going to fill out
this business credit mentorship
application fill everything out it's
standard information about your business
to let me know so I can do a full
business credit audit across all the
business credit bureaus and the
Secretary of State records make sure if
there's any
discrepancies or anything lacking a lot
of rich filmographic data is always
lacking I would say 90% of the time of
my students and people that contact me
we want to address those things
immediately because it's going to
increase the chances for approval and
higher starting limits there's a lot of
prerequisites that you need to take care
of before you go apply for say Sam's PG
business MasterCard you need to know
what to do to apply just because you
have seven trade lines on Experian
doesn't mean you're going to get
approved and if you get approved it may
be just a store card or a low starting
limit it's hard to get a limit increase
with that card as well quickly so if you
do these prerequisites that I teach and
I walk you through then you're more
likely to get a higher starting limit 10
to 20,000 after you do that then I'm
going to assign weekly tasks to you
anywhere from four to six tasks and they
could be say tasks to do about your
business pass for manual underwriting
reviews applications to apply I'll just
show you a few here this is a demo
account but as you can see I actually uh
break things down to my students uh
weekly I give them updates ask say a
bank balance so I can see what's ideal
for you every week every week it's going
to get better and better what you're
going to get approved for as you can see
each task is broken down I make
everything super detailed I write it all
out like this one is pretty simple short
it's Navin apply for this it's no PG I
tell you what you need to get approved
for it again I'm not going to assign
something to you if I don't feel you're
going to get approved okay so I have to
be 80% sure or confident that you're
going to get approved before I'm going
to assign it to you so after you're done
with that task then you're going to
click this Mark done and then it will
alert me on the admin backend dashboard
side and every week I'm going to review
this and see what best for you to apply
for just so you can start to get more
and more approvals week after week it is
a process but all my students see the
best results after they do all these
Foundation things even if you already
established I bet 90% of you if you were
to contact me I did audit on your
business credit reports even if you're
established 5 years it doesn't matter
90% of you guys don't have these BR
filmographic data or these Foundation
steps done or you're lacking several of
them and that can make a great effect on
you getting approvals or denials
especially if you're already established
and you don't know why you keep on
getting these denials your business
information can't be verified and so on
then there's probably a lot of pre
requisites that you overlooked or that
you don't know about that need to be
done like I said if you're interested
just text me sorry this video was so
long again Happy Father's Day if you are
interested just text 937- 423 9954 I do
offer payment plans till next time you
guys take care thanks bye-bye