Business Credit Strategy So Good It Feels Illegal
i've been approved for more than 
business credit lines for my company and
haven't been denied business funding for
years but this isn't the case for most
business owners because they apply for
funding all wrong in this video I want
to share with you the secret strategies
experts use to acquire the most business
funding possible how you can implement
it yourself and what makes this strategy
the best to quickly secure business
credit but first I'm going to explain
what you need to run this place
successfully for your business when I
first started my entrepreneurship
journey my credit was low s and I
literally had to build my credit from
the ground up that means credit repair
building banking relationships and
paying off my debt to lower my
utilization rate over time but with this
method I'm going to share today you can
skip the years it took me to build six
figures of business funding and get
there in as little as a month however if
The Recipe For Success
you want to skip the grind you got to
come correct that means you need a solid
personal credit profile no negatives on
your report and preferably a personal
credit card with at least a K limit
here's the secret business credit
lenders typically give you to five
times more your personal limit when you
apply for business funding just do the
math with a K personal credit card
limit you can expect between to K
in business credit card approvals so
yeah you can skip the line if the banks
trust you from the RIP and this means
showing them you know what to do with
the bag once they give it to you now
that you know what you need to run the
Avoid This Mistake
play the question is what exact strategy
gets you the most amount of business
funding within the shortest time the old
way to get business credit requires you
to go to different lenders randomly
apply to their funding products and hope
that you get enough to invest back into
your business that strategy is outdated
and here's why every time you apply for
funding you get a hard inquiry on your
credit profile and this is how that
actually hurts your chances at getting
approved every inquir you get lowers
your credit score between to five
points too many recent inquiries and
your funding applications will start to
automatically get flagged and lastly
randomly applying to multiple lenders
can take months if not years to get the
funding that you actually need so how do
The Secret Sauce
you avoid these mistakes and get
business credit quickly without setting
off alarms the answer is bank stacking
instead of going to random lenders over
time bank stacking is when you
strategically apply to multiple banks
within a short time window based on what
specific credit bureaus they pull from
when done correctly this limits the
amount of total inquiries you get
overall and it allows you to get
approved for multiple business credit
products from different lenders before
too many inquiries hit your credit
report when applying for funding banks
typically pull your credit from a
specific bureau if you know what bureau
each lender pulls from specifically you
can apply for multiple business credit
products at the same time that each pull
from a different credit bureau now
instead of getting three different
inquiries from each different credit
bureau you'll only get one per bureau
and lenders won't get tipped off about
your other applications this ultimately
limits the likelihood that you raise
suspicion and cause red flags as you
secure more funding that's the real
sauce with getting a big bag when it
comes to business credit applying a bank
stacking method is like going to a
buffet you don't just get one piece of
food sit down and then go back when
you're done you load up your plate with
as much as you can at once before all
the good stuff runs out this same theory
applies to funding with bank stacking
apply to all the best lenders as quickly
as possible before your credit report
gets cold because of too many inquiries
and now that we're all hungry and ready
to stack your plate with business credit
I'm going to show you exactly how you
How To Execute The Strategy
can execute a bank stacking sequence so
you can get up to K in business
funding fast first you need to identify
which lenders pull from which bureau so
you don't overlap your hard inquiries
during the application process you can
do this by searching creditor databases
like creditboard.com or my FICO forums
these databases allow you to search
lenders by geographic location and get
information on which credit bureaus
they're pulling from but here's a secret
that'll get you even more funding during
this process before you search for banks
that do hard credit pools first apply to
multiple lenders who do soft pools and
won't leave inquiries on your credit
these companies can include Divvy
Revenue Brets and even Amex if you're
already a member with a card they won't
do a hard pool anytime you apply for a
new business credit product using soft
pools allows you to rack up a few
approvals and build trade lines on your
business profile with no personal credit
risk and these approvals will also
benefit you when you start to go to more
traditional lenders you'll be able to
show prior credit history for your
business and they may base your approval
amounts on what you already have now
that we've covered how to plan out the
first part of your banking stacking
sequence let's take a look at how to
plan out your hard inquiry strategy
we'll use creditboards.com to search for
specific lenders and the credit bureaus
that they pull from you can also call
the bank or lender directly in most
cases and ask what bureau they pull from
as well here we have the credit boards
website you can access this at
credits.com as I stated this is just a
great resource for you to go ahead and
check on specific lenders and banks and
see exactly where they pull from as far
as the credit bureau if you don't
already have that information at hand
and one of the great things that I
really like about this website is that
you can actually go down and search the
credit pools database not only for even
the name of the bank but your geographic
location so as you probably know not all
banks and lenders are national and serve
every state so you can go ahead and put
your state into this category right here
i'm going to just start out on my
location i'm on the east coast in
Pennsylvania so just go ahead and select
PA and then at CRA that is credit
reporting agency based on what credit
bureau you want to search you can go
ahead and select that right here equifax
TransUnion or Experian now a little
extra sauce I want to give you is make
sure you focus on the less used credit
bureaus first so in my recommendation
that's going to be first TransUnion then
Equifax and Experian with Experian being
the most used credit bureau for most
lenders for my credit boards I'm going
to go ahead and search TransUnion first
so I can go ahead and just put that
under CRA you can put date applied but I
usually just keep that open and you can
actually choose if your results are from
people who've got approved or no so just
a lot of filters here to where you can
get the best data possible you go ahead
and press update here and you can see
not only the state the zip code the
reporting agency the date people apply
if they got approved the score they had
the limit they got and a few comments as
far as some things to know so just a lot
of good information here i'm just taking
a look at maybe some familiar banks or
some that I would want to apply to as it
relates to TransUnion so here I see TD
Bank and I know TD Bank is going to be a
larger bank and not only one that's in
my location but one that I know I can do
online as well here I'm just going to go
ahead and write down TD Bank in just a
short Google doc and I'm going to note
TD Bank that they're pulling from
TransUnion so I literally have my first
bank here in my funding bank stacking
sequence starting with TransUnion and
it's always good that you can go ahead
and get maybe one or two more as well
and as I'm going through the next page
one that I'm seeing a lot as well in the
PA area is going to be members first so
we got our approval for members first
here at uh for
$just going through some other
ones i see another members first
approval here $another good thing
you can do is as you see these banks
that are in my credit boards you can
literally just look up on Google to make
sure that you can actually apply for
them for the business credit cards or
business products but you also want to
just check if you can do them online and
as you can see at the very top it is
already telling you right off the rip
that Members First Credit Union does
allow you to apply for certain business
credit cards online now keep in mind you
might not have to search my credit
boards for every single bureau i already
know in my location there are a few
great lenders that already pull Equifax
and for me that's going to be Truis and
Key Bank so I don't necessarily have to
search my credit boards for that i can
already just jot that down so we just
want to go ahead and put KeyBank that's
going to be from Equifax as well as
Truest all we need to do now is get our
last credit bureau which is going to be
Experian and I do already have a go-to
for my Experian which is going to be
Chase that's always going to be number
one when it comes to the first bank I
want to go to with the Experian credit
bureau it doesn't hurt to get a few more
lenders as well same routine i just put
in my state PA i'm going to go ahead and
change the credit reporting agency to
Experian and just update that filter off
the rip I'm already getting some good
banks that I would probably take a look
at uh first one being Bank of America
once again that is a bank with branches
near me but I can also look that up and
verify that they allow you to apply for
business products online as you can see
Bank of America apply approved their
score $right under it another
Bank of America approved almost $
there the more that you see these banks
that you are familiar with that are
coming up repeatedly those would be good
ones to add to your bank stack and
funding sequence the first one we want
to definitely do when it comes to
Experian is always going to be Chase now
we also have Bank of America for a
secondary now I did mention AX in our
soft pool category but if you don't
already have a AX and art in their
system you can also apply for Amex but
it is going to be a hard pool and most
of the time Amex business products are
also going to pull from Experian as well
so I'll just go ahead and put Amex here
just using the knowledge that we have as
well as a database like my credit board
we already have two four seven banks
from just three credit bureaus for our
TransUnion Bank stacking sequence we're
going to have TD Bank and Members First
Credit Union so we highlight those here
for our Equifax credit bureau we're
going to have Key Bank and Truis and
then we have our Experian credit bureau
when it comes to the bank stacking
sequence which we have three lenders and
that's going to be Chase Bank of America
and AAX so it doesn't have to be that
hard to put together a bank stack and
funding sequence you just have to do a
little bit of research and due diligence
and then put this into place now that we
have the lenders that we want to go to
with each specific bureau let's get back
to how exactly to implement this play
even further to maximize your bank
EXTRA Sauce!
stacking sequence you want to make sure
you apply to at least one lender that
pulls from each bureau and here's some
additional sauce that you want to
remember while running this play try to
do all of your applications within a
-hour window so that all the inquiries
state the same day but different bureaus
use incognito mode on your web browser
to prevent websites from sharing cookies
and tracking your activities from
previous applications lastly make sure
you're applying to banks that
predominantly go off stated and
projected income to determine your
approvals and limits this avoids having
to provide additional financial
documentation as you apply for business
credit if done correctly executing a
funding sequence like this could easily
get you over a K in business funding
here's a quick breakdown you could in
theory get at least K in approvals
just from the soft pool lenders alone
then if you average K in approvals
from just one lender from each bureau
that's a $in funding for your
business in just hours and the best
part is because all your inquiries came
on separate credit bureaus on the same
day you limited your total amount of
inquiries from nine across all credit
bureaus to just three this strategy will
keep your credit profile as clean and
strong as possible therefore when you go
to do another bank stacking sequence it
won't trigger a bunch of flags with
potential lenders when they go to go
check your personal credit again now
listen because this next point is
Get Even MORE Funding
crucial just because you stacked your
plate with funding doesn't mean you
should disappear after you secure the
bag think about it do you have a
favorite restaurant or store that you go
in and immediately they recognize you
and start showing love just because
you're a loyal customer that's exactly
how you want your banks to treat you as
well but to become a loyal customer for
a business credit lender you can't just
take the money they give you and ghost
them you need to build a relationship
and show them that you're there for the
long run i didn't get to six figures in
funding all at once by just going to
apply to a bunch of different banks when
I first got approved for business credit
I saw that I was still leaving money on
the table i realized I can get a lot
more benefits if I stopped worrying
about the next lender and focused on
building with the ones that had already
funded me they were willing to give me
more if I just stayed in touch and
showed that I had good habits the truth
is banks aren't just giving away money
based on your credit score anymore it's
also about trust and you begin to build
this trust before but definitely after
you're already in their ecosystem and
here's how you play the trust game after
you get approved for funding with one
bank don't just use the card
occasionally do at least to plus
transactions on it monthly and pay off
your balance immediately then reach out
to your business relationship manager
and ask for a credit limit increase
every days this shows your business
is active and able to handle the bag
that they gave you even if you only got
approved for a K initially this could
get you a to K limit in as little
as months if played right oh and
because you're already in your system
this can be done without more hard pools
and inquiries on your credit report some
lenders will pre-qualify you for
additional business credit products like
lines of credit and business credit
cards purely based on your activity and
payment history but you have to build a
relationship with them and ask or you'll
never know so once you get approved for
Keep Stacking..
funding using the stacking method here's
a few things to do do at least to 
transactions a month and pay off your
balance consistently set calendar
reminders every days to reach out to
your lender and inquire about limit
increases and additional internal
funding products lastly continue to grow
your business using their credit so that
in the future you can provide financial
documentation and show them that you're
actually putting what they gave you to
proper use the goal is to show them that
you're not just a one-time applicant
searching for money you're a real
business you're playing the long game
and you're here to build a real
partnership stacking gets your foot in
the door but the relationship unlocks
the real bag and that's the part most
people miss but if you're still unsure
which banks to hit first how to properly
structure your business for maximum
funding or how to make these lenders
compete to fund you that's exactly what
I'll teach you inside my funding formula
this is the exact step-by-step blueprint
that has helped entrepreneurs secure
thousands in funding even with no
experience and brand new businesses if
you're serious about running a business
credit play the right way hit the link
in the description and let's secure this
bag together however if you just want
more sauce on how to properly prepare
yourself and your business for funding
along your own journey
Banks Love To See This If You Want Business Credit!
The Struggle
are you a business owner with a decent
credit score and an established business
but still struggling to get approved for
business credit i've been there before
myself and used to repeatedly get denied
for business funding until I learned
this crucial concept in this video I'm
going to show you why you're still
getting denied business credit what
lenders are actually looking at when
you're submitting an application and the
proven strategy that I've used to turn
denials into business credit approvals
and rack up hundreds of thousands in
Getting Started..
funding but first I want to take you
back to when I started my
entrepreneurial journey i had grown a
business that was making money and I was
ready to scale it to the next level but
I needed more capital to make that
happen so I started applying for
business credit unsurprisingly I just
ran into denial after denial and I found
myself blaming banks and lenders for
what was happening to me but once I
figured this out everything changed and
I started getting five figure approvals
to grow my business stay to the end of
this video cuz I'm going to show you
exactly how I did it most entrepreneurs
You Got It All Wrong
think they can just skip right to
business credit once they have a LLC
established with a business bank account
and don't let me get started on that s
but this couldn't be further from the
truth here's what banks aren't telling
you they rely on multiple factors to
determine if they're going to improve
your business for funding or not even if
you have a decent business a proper
structure and open other accounts with
them they will still deny you business
credit the reason is if you want to bag
from lenders they have to trust you if
you're new to business credit as a small
business the biggest factor that lenders
will rely on is your personal credit and
not just your score alone it's about
having a fully optimized profile that
shows you're lendable even a strong
business on paper means nothing if the
banks think you're not trustworthy as
the business owner i had a student who
The Biggest Mistake
needed business funding to purchase more
vehicles for their tour business and
then wanted to leverage that into real
estate they came to me with a credit
score in the s a business entity that
was decently structured with money in
the bank you would think that this was
the ideal candidate for banks to offer
business credit to right that's the
first mistake most business owners fall
into he blindly submitted business
credit applications but received
constant denials based on this one
factor a thin personal credit profile
your personal credit is like the
co-signer of your business didn't know
it needed it's like when you try to go
get an apartment for the very first time
even though you have the money to pay
for the apartment and are ready to get
it on your own the landlord still asks
you for a co-signer to be approved and
move in this is because you're still
relatively new on your journey and
haven't shown the history that you can
be trusted to pay your own debts so they
ask for a co-signer just in case at some
point you wind up not being able to hold
up your end of the bargain this is the
same thing banks and lenders do to small
businesses who haven't yet established a
credit history of their own now that you
understand why your personal credit is
crucial to your business success let's
get into how to make sure you never get
denied by lenders again i get it Bag
They Can’t Deny This!
Chasers hearing that your personal
credit still matters when it comes to
your business might stink a little bit
especially when you've put so much
effort into getting your business off
the ground in the first place but the
thing is knowing how to properly
structure your credit report is key
it'll turn constant denials into
unlimited funding that'll take your
business to new heights having a good
credit score without a strong profile is
comparable to the guy who shows up to
the games and all the best gear but
isn't actually that good i've been
practicing
this for this yeah you look great on the
outside but when we take a closer look
at your game we can tell that you don't
have what it takes to perform when those
lights come on yeah don't be that person
let's get your game right and go through
a framework which I call the lender lens
Lender Lens
this strategy focuses on the five key
areas lenders are silently looking at to
approve you for business credit if
you're maxing out all your available
credit and only paying back the minimum
requirements well lenders will assume
that you're going to do the same thing
with business credit the first thing
lenders will check is how you're
handling your current credit balances
and debt this is called high utilization
and it's a huge risk that lenders will
avoid at all costs you want to target
your overall utilization at somewhere
between to % under % is even
better this shows that you don't have to
use every dollar given to you to sustain
your lifestyle and that you can manage
your finances efficiently if a bank
pulls your credit profile and you have
even one maxed out card this can look
like you're overextending your debt and
lead to a denial the next thing lenders
will check is how seasoned your profile
is and no I'm not talking about adding a
dash of salt to your credit your credit
history and its age show how long you've
been actively using your credit and
lending accounts this lets lenders know
that you're not new to the credit game
and that they can trust you based on
your track record of previous accounts
the goal here is to five plus years of
credit history the older the better a
credit profile with less than years of
history can mean more risk for a lender
to take on and the greater the risk the
greater the chances you are of being
denied for business funding but your
utilization rate and credit age aren't
the only things that lenders will want
to see if you want those high limit
approvals for your business they also
want to know that you pay back your debt
on time this is called your payment
history there's no way around it you
must have % on-time payments if you
want business credit anything below that
is an instant red flag and will get your
application denied banks and lenders
have internal ranking systems that we
don't see and even just one -day late
payment can drop your internal score 
to points i advise all my students
to turn on the autopay feature for all
their credit cards and lines of credit
to ensure that they at least make the
minimum payment and avoid the risk of
getting a late payment on their credit
this is a no-brainer especially as you
start to add more credit cards to your
arsenal now you got to understand all
debt is not created equal most business
owners overlook this but it's one of the
biggest cheat codes in getting business
credit approvals the fourth things
lenders judge your approval on is what
type of accounts that you have on your
profile credit cards traditional loans
student loans store cards auto loans
they all hold different weight when it
comes to strengthening your credit
profile this is called your credit mix
there are normally three categories that
this breaks down to the first is
revolving accounts these are open credit
lines that have flexible repayment terms
this means credit cards and lines of
credit and keep it in mind that bank
cards do hold more weight than store
branded cards then you have installment
accounts these are loans that come with
fixed payments that means auto loans
student loans and credit builder loans
then lastly you have what I call
specialty accounts and these are
mortgages and helocks having a mix of
multiple of these types of accounts
shows that you're financially
well-rounded and that you can handle
different types of debt the optimal goal
here is to have at least three to five
revolving accounts and these are primary
accounts that are in your name because
lenders can tell if you're just an
authorized user that has been put on
someone else's card then you want to
have at least one to two installment
accounts and having a mortgage or almost
paid off auto loan can really help here
a strong credit mix gives you a strong
chance that lenders will trust you with
a business credit bag when you apply but
no matter how high your score is or how
long your mix of credit history goes
back there's still one thing that can
absolutely kill your chances at getting
approved for business credit these red
flags are deal breakers for lenders and
even if the rest of your credit report
is spotless missing this is like having
a big juice stain in the middle of a
fresh clean white shirt when I first
started trying to obtain business credit
this was my biggest obstacle also I had
a good credit score i built
relationships with banks and had a good
mix of credit on my profile i also had a
Verizon bill that got put into
collections every time I applied for
business credit I got denied and when I
asked why I was always told I had too
many derogatory accounts on my report
the crazy thing is it was only one so I
really had to put the time in to repair
my credit and make sure I got that
derogatory account removed it wasn't
easy but I stayed patient and I got it
done not only did this removal increase
my score by over points but it also
opened the door for me to start getting
consistent approvals from lenders and
this is what taught me the power of
having a clean and structured personal
credit profile i'm talking about
derogatory accounts derogatories include
accounts that have been sent to
collections charge offs tax leans and
definitely bankruptcies accounts get to
this status when you haven't paid the
creditor in so long they decide to close
your account and sell it off to a debt
collector this will kill your chances at
funding faster than anything else this
shows lenders you have a history of not
paying back your debts and you might run
off with the bag if they decide to give
it to you that's the biggest risk that
banks want to avoid derogatory accounts
are instant denials now although those
derogatory accounts are suicide having
excessive inquiries can also kill your
chances at business credit more than two
to three inquiries on your credit
profile show as lenders that you've just
been out there asking a bunch of people
for money and the irony is banks only
want to give money to people that they
think don't need it you have to change
the way you look at your profile and
start looking at it through the lender's
lens this will help you turn those
constant denials into consistent
approvals when you go for business
credit now let's be real the lender lens
Stack The Bag
is just the minimum requirement you need
to get into the game the goal here isn't
to barely qualify for business credit
it's to be so prepared before submitting
an application that lenders and banks
actually compete to give your business
funding this takes you from hoping you
get approved to being able to pick and
choose what lenders you get credit from
kind of like a kid in the candy store
this is the next level positioning
yourself to be a business that lenders
want to do business with and give the
bag to this is what separates you from
the pack i call it the fundability stack
this is a method that you layer on top
of the lender lens so that you can
create a for sure six-f figureure
fundable credit profile once you limit
your risk downside this is what
increases your approval amounts to the
maximum lenders don't just pull your
profile from the three major credit
bureaus they also gather information
from secondary bureaus like Lexus Nexus
Sage Stream Innovs
if all your information doesn't match on
these as well it looks fishy to lenders
but you can fix this easily here's how
make sure you update all of your
personal information on these secondary
credit bureaus before you apply for any
funding that means name address phone
number even your birthday all of this
information must match on the primary
credit bureaus but the secondary ones as
well and most of these can be updated
directly on the website but some of them
you will have to mail in to update the
info this should be an easy fix if you
want six figures of funding for your
business and we already know that
lenders are big on credit age and mix
this next stacking method is about
adding depth to your profile to make it
as strong as possible but how do you do
that well you want to make sure you have
as many primary accounts with as much
age as possible the question is what do
you do if you don't already have the
credit cards in your name that give you
the boost that you need this is where
age primary trade lines come into play
remember banks and lenders can tell if
you just been added as an authorized
user on someone else's accounts they
don't hold nearly the same weight as you
have in a primary so if you don't have
three to five primary accounts reporting
on your profile already you can add them
by using companies like Self and Credit
Strong loan programs secured credit
cards from institutions like Navy Fed
Capital and Discover plus you can use
a tool like rent reporters which allows
you to report your rent and backdated a
few years on your profile to ensure that
you get a little bit more of a primary
with age on it having primary accounts
like these on your credit profile adds
an extra layer of depth that lenders
want to see to be able to trust you and
fund your business and now that all the
information on your profile matches and
you have the primaries that lenders want
to see there's one more element to the
fundability stack to make sure that your
business gets the approvals that it
needs we know that utilization is a key
data point for lenders but did you know
that you can still raise a red flag even
if you're at the to % goal if you
have one card that is holding most of
your debt and is close to its credit
limit it can still be seen as a sign of
risk for lenders and that's because they
look at your individual account usage as
well not just your overall utilization
here's how to fix this before banks deny
you for being overleveraged and this
isn't hard to do if you have multiple
credit cards at your disposal instead of
holding all your debt on just one card
spread out your credit balances as
evenly as possible across multiple
credit cards and lines and if you do
have to put a little bit more on one
card make sure it's the one with the
lowest interest rate and then focus on
paying back the cards with the higher
interest rates first this balances out
your debt exposure and shows lenders
that you can manage multiple cards
effectively now it's time to bring
The Big Picture
everything we learned full circle first
we broke down the lender lens method the
five key elements of your personal
profile that lenders look at when you
submit a business credit application if
just one of them is out of alignment it
could be the reason that you're getting
denied funding even with a good credit
score then we covered the fundability
stack three underlying strategies that
take you from acceptable to undeniable
this is what makes banks compete to fund
you instead of you chasing them but the
only remaining question is now that your
profile is fully optimized to get
approved for business credit how and
where do you go to get the most funding
in the shortest amount of time