Get BUSINESS Credit! BAD Credit, OK! NO Revenue, OK! Understanding Tier Vendor & NET Accounts!
Â I'm going to break down
what are tier one accounts how to use
them properly and how they actually help
you guys get a notebook get opinion for
all my newbies welcome guys my name is
Terry I'm a support entrepreneur a
mother a YouTuber but more importantly I
have over years experience and I
specialize in helping you get big money
to six and seven figures so I would love
for you to subscribe become part of our
Terry's tips Community guys I'll do my
nugget at the end so let me give you a
real quick scenario let's say you are a
business owner and you've been
Incorporated you know for days let's
say you have you know a credit score
which let me help you out okay if you
have a credit score and you have
zero Revenue the big question right can
you get business credit right now yes
you actually can can you build business
credit yes you actually can to be honest
with you I recommend it that's a whole
hack if you have bad personal credit a
whole hack out here in these credit
streams is to start building business
credit because you can build it so much
faster you get higher amounts it
increases quickly and you could be
building business credit while you're
working on your personal credit okay now
with bad personal credit and being a
brand new business owner right and these
are nuggets okay nuggets for my newbies
I dropped like this to the entire video
okay riff being a brand new business
owner having bad personal credit and not
having any Revenue are you getting a 
unsecured business line of credit no
are you getting a business credit
card no oh are you getting a you
know I'm all business auto loan no but
can you get some credit yes yes yes okay
so let me break it down what it and real
quick who should watch this video guys
I'm not sure if you guys understand it
if you've been incorporated or in
business for less than five years you
are still considered a new business a
new business owner so if you are a new
business owner you should watch this
video if you're a new investor you
should watch this video if you're
somebody who needs additional streams of
income you should watch this video if
you're a seasoned investor a small
business large business and you haven't
been utilizing your business credit you
haven't been leveraging your business
credit you should watch this video and
for even some of my vets you've been
watching me for a while but you're still
getting business credit denials guys
some of this foundational stuff is what
you're missing to get you to this next
level so back to the basics okay you
should be watching this video so let me
explain what is a tier one account so
for business credit you can build
business credits super super quick
regardless of personal credit using a
tier system right it starts with tier
one accounts and that's a group of
accounts that you can get as a brand new
business owner regardless of your
personal credit regardless of Revenue
they will approve you those are tier one
accounts um and I'm going to give you
some examples tier two accounts are
accounts that are a little bit higher up
so you can still get them with uh maybe
being new you can still get them with
possibly not even having some Revenue
but they're going to have a little bit
more requirements so depending on where
you fall right how long you've been in
business if you have any Revenue in at
all what your personal credit is you may
or may not be able to get tier two
accounts then you have tier three and
tier four so think about it guys like
school right you have to pass grade
number one to get the grade two if the
past grade two to get to grade three the
past grade three to get to grade four
that was a nugget I need y'all I'm gonna
teach you today right because many of
you guys say well I have some tier one
accounts how do I know when to move on
to tier two the real answer is that when
your tier one accounts are reporting to
the business credit bureaus right which
will give you a business credit profile
and a business credit score then that
means you should move on to tier two now
why because the tier two accounts have a
little bit of a higher requirement so
you having those tier one accounts
reporting is going to help you qualify
for tier two gotta got it good real
quick plug right here if all this sounds
like you know gibberish to you invest in
credit lovers lifestyle put the link in
the description guys and or a strategy
session right so let me give you an
example for tier one accounts what are
they because that's the tier system
right you do some accounts in tier one I
recommend four to five in tier one make
sure that we're putting to the business
credit bureaus then you move on to tier
two then you move on to tier three all
of that that process can take anywhere
from days to days to days to a
year or two years or three years now why
do I say that because it's as fast as
you go I did a whole video got like over
um views right on how to get a
business credit score a Payday score in
one day right and you only need nugget
right here four accounts reporting to
the business credit bureaus to give you
a business credit profile an initial
profile and a business credit score well
those four accounts you can do them in
one day you can do them in an hour or
you could do one a month for four months
you could do one every three months you
can do one once a week so it's some of
this is how aggressive you are building
how fast you do this how how um how much
do you execute right you can go fast or
you could go slow so tier one accounts
and you'll also hear net and you'll
also hear vendor tier one net vendor
accounts guess what y'all they all the
same thing like this video is every time
for y'all they're all the same thing
vendor accounts nugget I'm teaching you
vendor accounts tier one account account
and net s are all the same thing
they're just calling them something
different to confuse you and I'm going
to give you guys some examples in this
in this um in this in this video okay so
a net account let me explain how it
works let's say you are a brand new
business owner and I'm going to use the
example of you know Granger because
that's one that just everybody knows
about I'm going to give you some other
examples you go to Granger that is a
company they have a website they have
all kinds of different supplies like
cleaning supplies and office supplies
and all of those things you go onto the
website you order a bunch of items your
brand new business owner okay you have
bad personal credit and you have no
revenue and you've been in business for
like days you go on Granger's website
you order a bunch of items at the
checkout right at the checkout you can
pay by you know credit cards you can pay
by debit card sometimes you can pay by
what like Google pay you can pay by
Apple pay you can pay by PayPal you have
all of these options to make it a net 
account or a vendor account or a here
one account you're going to click
invoice me now mind you depending on the
company you're using is going to be
somewhere where the actual option is
going to be is going to be going to be
different but you're going to click on
invoice me what is that going to do that
means the company is then going to
invoice that means Granger is going to
send an invoice to your company to pay
for the items that you're ordering
you're not paying for them at checkout
so let's say you ordered I don't know
um you order some cleaning supplies and
some trash bags and some like fixtures
and let's say it came to you know 
you're going to Granger's website you're
ordering worth of items at the
checkout instead of you paying with a
credit card paying with a debit card
paying with anything else you're
clicking invoice me and then they're
going to actually mail you the items
with you paying zero dollars and zero
cents and they are going to give you a
net term so net is the most popular
the most well-known term but I'm gonna
break it down okay so net means is
that they're going to mail you the items
and you have days to pay the invoice
and because you use Granger and they are
a company that reports the business
credit bureaus they will actually report
like that little transaction like as an
account you'll have an account with them
they will report that to the business
credit bureaus and that gives you what
your very first trade line
come on now I only said you'll leave me
four so I said you could do it in one
day they'd be confusing y'all okay so
you'll have days to pay the actual
item now nugget tier nugget here nugget
here with net accounts you number One
never default ever ever because business
credit is not like personal credit where
you have a bunch of Rights you can
dispute a bunch of things and negotiate
they're not playing with y'all they are
businesses there is this is business to
business right you're ordering from a
business and you're a business owner so
do not default on any items now you have
days of pay it back the sooner you
pay it back the better don't pay it on
the th day the th day there's
actually like the weight of the scoring
models work and what they look at they
look at how efficiently you pay your
bills and how quickly you even pay them
so let's say you have a net account
you have days to pay it you get the
items you pay the invoice in five days
or ten days that's good the sooner you
pay it the actually the better okay so
that's a net account now let's say
they have net terms that means
they're going to mail you the items and
you have days to pay it back so you
hear a net account that means they're
going to mail you the items and then you
have days to pay it back now the
reverse is true too I've seen a debt
five a net seven a net that means
they're going to mail you the items and
you have days to pay it back that all
that's all it is y'all okay so that's a
tier one account that's a vendor account
that's a net whatever whatever net
terms it just means you're ordering
items from a business a business credit
vendor okay and they're mailing you the
items and their invoice in your company
and when that type of transaction takes
place they report it to the business
credit bureaus as an account they
actually give you like a limit too so
I've had people who you know do a couple
of things the fundability and
credibility again investing credit
leverage lifestyle and they've gotten a
Granger account and Granger's approved
them for like five thousand dollars ten
thousand dollars this is where like in
within the very first days of you
being a business owner you have five
thousand dollars to spend on all these
items and it's you're not coming your
pocket right away
come on someone you have to crawl before
you walk and your goal is to have at
least four of those reporting to have a
score now guess what the hack is they
don't check your personal credit they
don't do a hard inquiry they don't
report to personal they specifically
report to business credit so this is why
you see these clickbait videos get
business credit with no no bad credit
and no Revenue but they're not talking
about big money they fooling y'all
they're talking about tier one accounts
okay which you still need now let me
give you another example I need y'all to
hear this because a lot of you are
Granger quill and you lined out okay
they're not the only tier one accounts
I'm gonna do something for y'all I
didn't think I was gonna do if I'm gonna
do something depending on when you're
watching this video I'm going to list 
for free
vendor accounts give me a minute
because I do my videos the same day to
put all the put all the um websites in
there but I want to put vendor
accounts in the description of this
video okay make sure y'all give me some
likes and some shares now you only need
for the report out of accounts money
there's more I'm gonna give you like 
like the most popular you can find four
accounts that you can actually use
nugget right here nugget guys you need
this so many of you guys want you know a
ten thousand dollar business card and
then you get you can't get that you can
only get like a tier one or a tier two
account and you're like this is not what
I want I need I can't build business
credit guys a lot of like the grandeurs
that utilize the quills this is cleaning
supplies this is a vacuum this is
fixtures this is office supplies so let
me give you an example I have a Granger
account I've had since for forever when
covid-happened do y'all remember when
all the stores they had no hand
sanitizer no soap um no Lysol none of
those things and even when you went
online you had to be like a hospital
sometimes to get supplies well guess
what guess who had cases of Lifestyle
cases of soap cases of hand sanitizer
how because I ordered them on bulk
during covid-with my business vendor
account
I'm also a real estate investor I have
ordered sump pumps I've ordered
humidifiers like and mind you think
outside the box it's gonna be part of my
nugget right for some of these tier
accounts guys think about how can you
use them now to help you so you're not
using your own paycheck or how about you
think about somebody else how about some
of these School teachers could use hand
sanitizer could use lotion could use you
know tissues even some material accounts
I'm going to outline for you guys have
office supplies you know how many
teachers make like very low salaries and
they're buying like markers and pens and
notebooks on their own well could you
bless a school a YMCA a shelter your
church right who I can't use cleaning
supplies in a house what investor can't
use trash bags and trash cans and some
pumps I've ordered um printers scanners
um ink cartilages come on somebody right
and so my point to that guys is that
there's only certain items you can use
and you can order with the tier one
accounts but there's something for
everybody so instead of saying I want
this this other thing and thinking tier
one accounts are not for you you need
them if you have no business credit you
need them if you have no Revenue you
need them if you have bad personal
credit you need them if you're trying to
build business credit right and you can
get in one month come on
somebody so think about how you can
actually use them to help benefit your
life or somebody else's life okay that's
tier one accounts now how you use them I
actually already explained it right you
order from the actual websites you get
the items and then you just make sure
you pay the in ways back on time and
even pay it early how does it help you
it gives you a business credit profile
immediately it gives you a business
credit score immediately it gives you
trade lines immediately and those things
right there help you then qualify for
what the business line of credit the
business credit card the business auto
loan right so take away right now let me
give you some examples so I wrote some
of these down right so obviously
everybody knows about quill and Granger
Uline but there's also a business
t-shirt Club there's even Crown office
supplies Sumo office supplies nav which
I have a whole video on nav there are
monitoring system they actually have a
business Boost account where they will
report to the business credit bureaus
and monitor your business credit reports
and give you two of your personal credit
scores
and reports and help you with funding
options you can actually use that while
you're building business credit and the
report to the business credit bureaus
um even let me see they're even saying
like uh Capital One Sparks classic is
like a tier one account now nugget right
here guys business credit is fluid the
lenders can and they will change their
requirements I could give you 
accounts or tier one accounts today and
three of them tomorrow because they were
no longer reporting or change of
requirements so what is the action item
the Nugget here right is you as the
business business owner take
responsibility go on their website and
see are they still a tier one are they
still a net what do they need to
report right because your goal right is
not only just to have a bunch of vendor
accounts but to specifically use lenders
that report to the business credit
bureau don't give y'all some real stuff
in this video another nugget there's
thousands of tier one accounts and
thousands of business credit bureau um
business credit
um vendor accounts but a very very very
small amount however like five percent
actually report to the bureaus so your
nugget is is you want tier one accounts
vendor accounts net accounts but you
want to specifically use companies that
report to the business credit bureaus so
it helps you qualify for more money
faster so they change the requirements
sometimes quill can say no you order one
time for a hundred dollars and we'll
report and in three months they can say
you order two times for a month uh
seventy five dollars and then we'll
actually go ahead and report right so do
your due diligence pick them up hey I'm
a new business owner I'm ordering from
your website what do you need to report
to the business credit bureaus what
bureaus do you report to and if they say
hey you just need one order fifty
dollars will you do one order of fifty
dollars now the other nugget right here
guys is four vendor accounts you just
need them to report you don't gotta keep
on using them over and over again once
the reporting you're good so some of you
guys are like ordering from like
Ranger and quill and Uline and business
t-shirt Club every a single month stop
you only once it's reported to the
bureau you're good guys even wise
business plans I did a whole video on
SBA financing and how to qualify as a
startup and even Venture capitalists
that would give you money it's a whole
different video right for your business
and a lot of times they require what a
business plan well many of you guys
don't know how to do what write a
business plan there's a tier one vendor
called wise business plan
you can use that tier one account get
them to write your business plan to help
you qualify for more money for your
business and that actual account will
report to the bureaus and help you
qualify for more money
bars okay so I hope that that was
helpful I explained what tier one
accounts are how to use them how they
help you I gave you some examples and I
want to even put some examples in the
description of this video
um for my nugget guys I need you to
think outside the box like there is more
than one way to get to the goal and
that's even like the example I gave with
these tier one accounts when covid-
happened and I got a whole case I got a
whole video on it right a case of all
these lifestyle supplies and stuff came
and I started giving them away like
they're like actually to my my son's two
schools and stuff because they actually
need like Lysol and they need to um like
hand sanitizers and all those kinds of
things guys that was a way for me to
leverage my business credit and help
somebody else even now guys like I can
qualify for anything but some of my like
tier accounts that I still have like
they'll have bulk amounts of things at
cheaper prices guys I'm a numbers person
if I can get it from Walmart or Target
or Home Depot for one price or I can get
it from Uline or Granger or quill office
furniture some bumps humidifiers
fixtures office chairs printers scanners
stop it y'all right if I can get those
things for a cheaper price I still use
my vendor account sometimes if their
price is better so my point even some of
the fleet cards guys are tier one
accounts I think wax you a wax and Murph
USA are gas cards in your business's
name business Ein and they're tier one
they don't check your personal credit
and it won't go on your personal credit
who can't use a gas card
okay so part of being an entrepreneur is
being resourceful part of being an
entrepreneur is solving problems part of
being an entrepreneur is having a goal
and figuring your own way out there may
not be a step-by-step system part of
being an entrepreneur is thinking
outside the box and part you may not
even be yourself before your
entrepreneur everybody is not meant to
be a self-employed entrepreneur but
everybody is meant to build wealth and
if you only have one stream of income
that's too close to zero
so everybody should be doing something
whether you have a full-time job and you
have a couple of side hustles that you
incorporate and then you build business
credit whether you want to be a
full-time uh self-employed entrepreneur
it doesn't matter hands down business
credit is one of the number one ways to
leverage because you can put it faster
it increases more quickly they have
better terms and you don't have to use
your personal credit