How To Build Business Credit Fast To Change Your Life!
the paycheck the paycheck grind is tough
and it's the biggest sign that you're
stuck in the right race I remember
working hours a week if not more and
still feeling like I didn't have enough
income to really be free and do what I
wanted I definitely couldn't think about
starting a business or getting into real
estate because where would I get that
kind of money from well the answer to
that question and the fastest way that
you're going to run up a bag is business
credit today I'ma share with you how
powerful business credit truly is and
the steps that I follow to start getting
business credit and using it to get back
Where I Started
my financial freedom and just a few
years ago before I really knew what
business credit was I was desperate to
level up my life financially I mean I
had a decent job but I just still wasn't
happy because I didn't have any time or
Financial Freedom in my life I really
felt like I was spending most of my time
working just to pay my rent my grocery
and my main bills
I was just at a point where I knew I
wasn't going to be stuck in this Rat
Race for the next Years and I wanted
to make enough income to where I could
really do what I wanted to do and was at
this point when a friend of mine
actually started putting me on to what
business credit was and how to start
building it and after this was when
everything changed and the crazy thing
is I'm actually headed to the bank right
now to get some funds ready for upcoming
real estate transaction and I promise
you none of this was possible until I
really started understanding what
business credit was not only do I use
business credit to invest in things like
real estate but I've also used it to
invest in assets like vehicles for my
Toro business
and this is possible because all
What Is Business Credit?
business credit technically is is money
or funding given to a business entity
intended to increase its cash flow and
help it grow now this fun day can come
in different forms whether it's a credit
card which I use to purchase my Toro
cars a line of credit which is as close
to cash as you can get or outright
business loan all of these options are
technically forms of business credit now
there are also a few financial
institutions who give out business
credit a few of them being Credit Unions
Banks and actual credit card companies
man in the beginning I'm telling you I
barely even knew about my personal
credit let alone my business credit but
this was when things really started to
ramp up for me so the business credit
Business vs. Personal
side is obviously different than the
personal Credit One of the biggest
differences being the actual credit
reporting company the business side
still has companies like Equifax and
Experian but they're more tailored to
businesses but the new player in the
business credit game is going to be duns
and Bradstreet now just take note of
dungeon Bradstreet because I'm gonna
revisit this a little bit later because
they're super important when it comes to
business credit another big difference
was the actual score range of the two
different in credit scores we all know
like around the is a good personal
credit score but when it comes to
business there's a whole different scale
of numbers so at this point I was
definitely super excited and intrigued
to start learning more about business
and seeing how it was a whole different
ball game being played on the business
side but honestly I was still kind of
lost at how I was going to use business
credit to actually change my life
financially
[Music]
thank you
and this feeling is what triggered me to
start looking at a business credit even
more and really start realizing how
powerful it truly was first off when it
Why Business Credit Is Essential
comes to business credit lenders usually
give three to five times higher the
credit limit on business credit cards as
they would a personal credit card the
second thing is that business credit
separates your business from your
personal finances most business credit
doesn't even report to your personal
credit score and that's super powerful
because that literally gives you the
freedom to make those moves with your
Business Without Really worrying about
the negative impacts on your personal
side and it speaks to probably one of
the biggest reasons on why business
credit is important to changing your
life and it's the ability to leverage
this business credit into income
producing assets
this means you can invest in assets that
you just normally wouldn't have the cash
for up front being able to invest in
things like a Toro business investing
into real estate or just being able to
invest and start that business you
didn't have the upfront money for
business credit is going to be the
easiest way for you to get your hands on
thousands of dollars if you started from
the bottom coming from where I come from
the only way to get your hand on four or
five figures of upfront capital is that
either you know somebody die and leave
you inheritance or you get lucky and hit
the lottery other than that your chances
are slim so with that being said let me
know in the comments what you're going
to use your business credit to invest in
so at this point you know I was
motivated and ready to start building
some business credit on my own and if
you're excited to run your own business
credit back up make sure you like this
video And subscribe to the channel so we
can push this channel out to more back
chases like yourself and grow our wealth
together so like many of you watching I
still at this point didn't know exactly
how to build my own business credit and
I definitely didn't know how to get
business credit from financial
institutions like this and I know it's
easy for you to feel stuck right now
because you're getting all this
information and you might not know
exactly where to start you might not
have a whole bunch of money to start
with or the best personal credit but the
fact that you're still here tells me
that you're smart you're serious and
you're ready to make a change so make
The Business Credit Blueprint
sure you follow these next steps to the
T because this is literally going to be
the blueprint for you running up
thousands of dollars in business credit
now the first thing that you need to do
is actually create your business and not
just create the business but actually
set it up the right way from the very
beginning so that your business looks
all the way official on paper and this
is the time you want to get your notepad
ready because these gems you want to
keep handy so you don't stumble through
the process like I did when I first
started out now actually creating your
business is pretty simple you can go
ahead and form your business like your
llc at your Secretary of State website
and for Most states you can literally
fill out the business application in 
to minutes all online the price
performing your business is usually
between to depending on what
state you're in but honestly it pales in
minuscule compared to what we're going
to do with this now actually going
through the process of creating your
business as I said is really easy but if
you want a little bit more help I'm
gonna actually link my own DIY LLC guy
in the description below and that's
going to walk you through the process
step by step and give you the templates
that you need as far as starting your
business next thing we want to do is go
ahead and get our Ein this is our
employer identification number and we
can get this at the IRS website site
which is irs.gov your EIN is really
important because it's pretty much like
your business's Social Security number
so this is going to be how all the
businesses that you do business with and
the lenders pretty much keep track of
your business itself as I said this part
is completely free all you have to do is
go to irs.gov and start your EIN
application
now the next hack that you want to do is
go ahead and actually get your business
an official business an address and you
can do this through getting something
called a virtual office now the cool
thing about a virtual office is that
it's actually a big corporate building
that will allow you to use their address
as your business address so that they
can pick up mail for you and ultimately
it's going to make your business look
super official so when these lenders go
ahead and look up and Google Map your
business address it's going to be a
super official office building and as I
said when you get mail the Virtual
Office clerk will actually pick up the
mail for you until you pick it up or you
can pay an additional fee and have that
mail sent directly to you once they
receive it now the business that I use
for my Virtual Office is called Regis I
love Regis because they're not too
pricey but they give you all this
awesome stuff you know mail pickup and a
nice office that you can come into when
you come into this building it's just a
whole vibe you got glass offices
everywhere everything looks professional
and for you as a business owner this is
just another step that signifies that
you're making your way to be an official
business and that much closer to go
ahead and locking in thousands of
dollars with business credit now the
next thing I want you to get for your
business is a toll-free number so this
is just like an number or a separate
phone line specifically for your
business so that way when lenders go
ahead and call and look up your business
it's not just your personal cell phone
it's an actual direct line to your
business and in the same light you also
want to go ahead and get your business a
domain and a business email address so
the domain is just essentially the.com
name for your business go to GoDaddy and
get this for just about is super easy
and when you get that.com you can also
register that.com as a business email so
this is another way to make your
business stand out and look really
official because when you go ahead and
put your email address it's not a Gmail
it's not a Yahoo address it should be
something similar to like your name or
info at yourbusinessname.com and once
you get the domain go ahead and lock in
that business email and make this part
of your business legit as well so we're
just about there doing all these things
creating your business you're really
structuring it so it looks official and
that these lenders will really give you
the business credit that you asked for
but you'll get bonus points if you do
this next step I actually want you to
use that domain and go ahead and create
a website for your business it doesn't
have to be a fancy multi thousand dollar
website it can literally just be a
one-page website with your business
address your business phone number and a
brief description of your business just
so once again when these lenders go to
look you up you also have an online
presence and there's a website that they
can go to that represents your business
now you have a legit business you're
looking Aand you've really checked off
most of the boxes that you need to to
run up this business credit back it's
just a few more things I want you to
know before you get these tens of
Relationship Banking
thousands of dollars now it's time for
you to complete one of the most
important of them all and that's getting
a business checking account and you see
me earlier at Navy Federal Credit Union
and that's one of my favorite financial
institutions and a great place maybe for
you to start with opening your first
business checking account now this is a
huge part of your process because a lot
of financial institutions don't even
recognize your business as being forms
until you actually open your business
bank account and if you're just starting
out I would recommend you opening your
business account with a credit union as
opposed to a big Commercial Bank because
credit unions are usually a little bit
smaller and more open to start in that
business credit relationship as opposed
to a big Commercial Bank so with this
being said if you start somewhere like
Navy Fed I want you to go ahead and get
a personal check-in and savings account
as well as your business check-in and
savings account to build that
relationship even more from the start if
you have a direct deposit coming from
your nine to five go ahead and move that
over to Navy Fed as well we're just
going to start building more and more
elements of that relationship so that
Navy Fed is going to be a little bit
more lenient when you go to action for
that bag and business credit and the
crazy part is once we do these things
and actually show the credit union that
we have skin in the game we could be
ready to go and apply for a business
credit card as soon as a few weeks to a
few months in some instances you can
open up the business bank account and
apply for the business credit card at
the same day and get approved now just
think about running this same play at
multiple Banks multiple times this is
easy blueprint right to a hundred
thousand in business credit so this
specific method of building your
business credit directly with a credit
union or financial institution is called
relationship banking I like this method
because it can be really fast and it can
get you high credit limits but most of
the time when you use a relationship
banking method they are going to require
you to do a PG a PG stands for a
personal guarantor which is just
essentially you co-signing for your
business so even though you're still
using a PG and co-signing for your
business in this method most of these
institutions don't report your credit
order utilization on your business side
to your personal credit report so with
that being said there's absolutely
nothing wrong with doing a PG and doing
relationship banking to run up business
credit as well it can be very fast you
can literally get into the game with
like a mid credit score but even if
your personal credit isn't there yet
The Tier Method
there's still other options that you can
use to start building your business
credit now this method I like to call
the tier method and it's going to
involve duns and Bradstreet if you
remember from earlier I told you dungeon
Bradstreet is a major player in business
this credit and this is where they come
in so now I want you to go ahead and go
to dnb.com and apply for a dungeon brass
Street number once again dungeon
Bradstreet is actually the biggest
business credit reporting Bureau and you
can go ahead and sign up to get a number
with them absolutely free when you go to
dmv.com I will tell you they're going to
try to sell you on a bunch of packages
at first these are things you don't
really need to get a business credit or
a paydex score with them so go ahead and
Skip through that not only is this duns
and Bradstreet number going to pretty
much track your business credit score
but they're also going to report the
transactions and relationships that
you're building with other vendors and
other Merchants as you start to build
your business credit and speaking of
vendor and Merchant accounts the next
step in the tier method is actually to
start building direct relationships with
these vendor accounts and these other
Merchants now these vendor accounts are
actually businesses that will allow you
to buy from them and invoice you 
or days later and let you pay
overtime now what this does is report
those business transactions as you pay
them on time as active trade lines to
dungeon Bradstreet and these net s net
s and net s become your first trade
lines as you start to build your
business credit now there are a whole
bunch of net and net companies out
there but in my past experience the most
reliable ones that I know report
directly to dungeon Bradstreet and the
other business credit bureaus are going
to be quill
Uline and Granger these three companies
are pretty much office supply companies
so you can use them to go ahead and buy
individual things for your company you
may not need everything that they sell
but you can definitely find something to
get that relationship started and have
them start reporting to dungeon
Bradstreet on your business's behalf now
when you first start the relationship
with these vendors you may not be able
to buy on invoice and net on your
very first purchase but all you have to
do is spend between like and in
your first time in cash and then after
that they'll invoice you and allow you
to pay overtime and report that trade
line right thereafter and the more you
Paydex Score
do business with these vendors the more
trade lines they'll report to duns and
Bradstreet and the faster you'll
actually generate your business credit
score which is called a paydex score so
after you've built strong relationships
with these vendor accounts now you're
ready for the next step which
essentially is applying for gas card and
store cards but the fact that you have
some net s on your profile now you can
go to places like shell Chevron and
Sunoco and you can actually apply to be
given a gas card these are cars that you
can use up front and pay back over time
and these businesses are going to report
them to your business credit bureau and
not only can you get gas cards at this
time but you can get your first entry
into actually getting store cards some
of the first stores you can apply to for
business credit cards during the Tyrant
method are going to be places like Sam's
Club Costco Walmart and even Amazon has
started getting into the store cards and
granting new businesses business credit
and now don't you have your vendor
account you have your gas cards and your
store accounts you're ready to play with
the big boys and you can actually start
applying for commercial credit card
companies like American Express Chase
and more and you can literally do all
these things in just a matter of a few
months now another gym is the best way
that you can monitor your steps as you
take this business credit journey is to
actually download the nav app that's nav
and pretty much it's the Credit Karma of
business credit you just download it to
your phone you put in your business
information and then they'll start to
show you the business transactions and
credit reporting data that they have on
you nav also has a paid plan that will
act as a trade line if you sign up for
the monthly subscription but if you
don't want to pay for your monthly
subscription just yet you can still get
your normal business credit reporting
data just from the free plan on the app
too overall as I said all these things
are just going to help you get your
paydex score generated and once you get
that paid X score it's game time after
following these same exact steps I was
able to build over a hundred thousand
dollars in business credit and stop
living paycheck to paycheck I use
business credit to start my Toro
business to start investing in real
estate and to continue to change the
people's lives around me and now it's
time for you to take this information
and start running up your own bag with
business credit
a what banks don’t want you to know
what if I told you that every time your
property is repossessed there is a
secret IRS form that proves the lender
may have already been paid now in this
video I'm going to break down the A
form how it connects to repossession i'm
also going to be talking about why it
should be your hidden weapon for a debt
discharge strategy i've studied consumer
law UCCC codes and federal tax forms to
help you understand what the banks don't
want you to know before we dive into
this video this is not legal advice this
is not financial advice this is only for
educational purposes only you dig what
I'm saying so make sure you stay all the
way to the end because what we're going
to be talking about is going to empower
you to start doing things like
challenging debt collectors discharging
your debt but also at the same time
being willing to hold these companies
accountable and expose these companies
okay now if you're brand new hit the
like button hit the subscribe button tap
in so that we can be at the top of the
algorithm and they can see content just
like this so don't be afraid to hit that
like button let's hit likes on this
video and we will continue to drop more
game on s okay now what we're going
to be talking about is the A
okay and how it pertains to debt
discharge we're going to talk about the
strategy behind using the A
the truth behind it we're going to talk
about the different what each box means
within the how this ties to debt
discharge and a strategy to use this in
consumer law so make sure you stay all
the way to the end because we're going
to be talking about these forms in
particular as it pertains to discharging
debt and essentially debunking any myth
or any mystique behind discharging debt
What is a a
now let's dive straight in what is a
A okay a A
is filed when a lender takes back
property whether it's foreclosure or
repossession okay it is typically
required by the IRS for debt write offs
okay it starts the discharge process you
just never get told now typically what
happens is if they repossess your
vehicle or the house they must report it
to the IRS and that's your paper trail
to to notify you that the debt has been
discharged so when we go to exactly what
the A looks like it's the
acquisition or abandonment of secured
property okay so typically what happens
is uh when you file a A so to break
this down into plain language the A
stands for acquisition or abandonment of
secure property and it tells the IRS
what happened to a debt that was tied to
a property like a car house or equipment
so what it means if you see a A a
A doesn't cancel the debt on its own
but it reveals that the lender either
acquired the property meaning they took
ownership like in repossession or
foreclosure or number two they recorded
the abandonment meaning you gave it up
or lost possession and they claimed it
as a loss or reclaimed it so here's the
key insight if the lender acquires or
repossess the vehicle and they report
the fair market value and balance owed
on the A that means the original
known loan has been severed from the
collateral okay and the debt now becomes
a separate accounting matter possibly
taxable possibly sent to collections or
even eventually forgiven and reported on
a C cancellation of debt so here's
what it reveals that the property is no
longer yours that's number one number
two that the lender took action on the
debt number three that they have written
off the property on their books and
number four that they must report this
to the IRS for tax and accounting
reasons so typically if your vehicle
gets repossessed you should receive a
A copy B which is this okay it says
for the borrower now you can use the
A as a part of the paper trail to
essentially prove that the lender
already took their remedy the asset is
no longer yours and number three that
the debt has changed form often
signaling
discharge offset or assignment now if
something gets discharged if something
gets offseted that right there
essentially means that there is you are
not you don't have the obligation to pay
the debt i mean you never did from the
beginning but let's just break down the
aspect of the different types of things
when you are looking at the okay so
when you look at the box one is
going to talk about the date of
acquisition or abandonment so obviously
you know uh uh for in this case it could
particularly be when they repossess the
vehicle when they foreclose or whatever
the case may be they're going to put it
here number two is going to talk about
the balance owed okay this is all for
accounting okay this is what accounting
is number four is going to be the fair
market value whatever the amount of the
vehicle is or or home or whatever the
case may be is going to go here number
five were you personally liable and this
is typically important they may check
this off they may not check this off
okay in the very beginning you you're
taught that you can use the A and
you know you can fill this out on your
own now you can do that but you will
have to come from the perspective that
you were the one that are that was
lending the money and also at the same
time you will have to come from the
perspective and essentially prove that
they are not the lender okay you also
have to prove that you are a you are in
the lending business you are a financial
institution if you are going to use a
A now here's the way to use this
properly okay it's best if you use this
properly if you are going to use this
against them like if they're already
going to file this on your behalf use
this against them if they try to still
collect on a debt or or a vehicle or
whatever the case may be and they file
the A just know that that right
there is the start of them discharging
debt okay so let's just talk about how
this um
you know uh uh uh let's talk about how
this is going to be used in debt
discharge now when we go to box five it
says check if the borrower was
personally liable for repayment of the
debt if the box is no okay so if they if
if they don't check this off then that
means that the lender cannot come after
you for the debt so it's important for
you to get the so that you can be
able to to the copy B so you can see how
they filled it out and you know what
course of action you should take okay
now here's how this ties to debt
discharge on the A side this
acknowledges that the debt is in the
termination status okay knowing that the
debt is being terminated further shows
you that the debt has already been made
whole and a lot of times what they do is
after you pay or after they repossess
your vehicle they attempt to collect on
the debt even more okay typically what
What happens after a a
happens after a A a C comes
through to follow through with a full
cancellation this is something else that
you will also need to have full
disclosure of if it happens this is what
a charge off is now these forms are
evidence for administrative remedy or a
legal defense towards one that is
attempting to discharge debt use a
tender payment or better yet offsetting
and settling their debts because the
argument is is that hey the debt has
already been paid for the debt has
already been settled and you cannot
double collect okay i'm not liable for a
debt that you've already been paid okay
so after they repossess your vehicle
they'll try to file lawsuits and this
that and the third for the remaining
balance but they get paid out the fair
market value of the vehicle no matter
what so IRS forms can show that the debt
has already been handled even if
collectors keep chasing you okay so
that's how you would use this okay some
people use it or you know we use in
aspect where they fill out the form
whatever the case may be but if you just
wait for them to fill out the form wait
for them to charge off the debt quote
unquote then you can use that against
them okay and now you don't even have to
make it an argument about you know you
being the lender or you being the holder
in due course or whatever the case may
be it's now them making an argument that
they are who they say they are are they
the ones that are the holder in due
course are they the ones uh being lawful
or are they trying to double collect
okay so then we dive into the strategic
use when it comes to consumer laws so
first things first you want to use the
asking of the copy B in your debt
validation response if they come after
you for the debt you want to send them a
I mean you want to send them a fair
a debt validation letter according to
the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act
under USC G
okay and essentially what it it says is
what USC G it gives you the it
pretty much gives you the right to
validate debts and part of the
validation of debts and through the
FDCPA
they must proi provide all the
disclosures that pertains to the debts
including the disclosures that
discharges the debt okay including the
accounting ledgers including you know uh
uh if there was a A or C that
was you know created or filed on your
behalf this is the type of information
that they should be giving you when you
validate that not just the original
wedding ink signature and if you do get
their original wedding in signature
right it should be an authenticated copy
not just a photocopy an authenticated
copy has been notorized okay somebody
beared witness to them making a copy of
the original note okay number two you
can request full accounting under
UCCC-
under UCCC-we talked about this
yesterday-
where you have a right to essentially
request accounting
regarding a list of collateral or
statement of accounts so request means
record of a type described in paragraph
three and four request for accounting
means record authenticated by dep de
deptor requesting that the recipient
provide accounting of the unpaid
obligation secured by collateral and
reasonably identifying the transaction
or relationship that is subject to the
request very detailed request regarding
a list of collateral means a record
authenticated by a deptor requesting
that the recipient approve or correct
the list of what the deptor believes to
be the collateral securing an obligation
and reasonably identifying the
transaction or rel or relationship that
is subject to the request number four
request regarding statement of account
means a record authenticated by a debtor
requesting the that the recipient
approve or correct a statement
indicating what the depthor believes to
be the aggregate amount of unpaid
balances secured by the collateral okay
here's what it says in B duty to respond
to requests okay it says subject to
subsections C D E and F a secured party
other than a buyer of accounts cattle
paper payment intangibles promisary note
co-signer shall comply with the request
within days of the receipt so they
have days to respond okay so you have
a right to ask for this and it says here
in on the for the record in the
constitution that they have days to
respond and that it is their duty okay
no matter what they should be able to
provide these disclosures as in regards
to the accounting okay you can also
combine with a conditional acceptance a
conditional acceptance essentially is
going to a conditional acceptance is
essentially saying "Hey I'm willing to
prove if you can prove X Y and Z then I
rock with you." Okay then I will all
Conditional acceptance
right so if I just pull up a little
language of what a conditional
acceptance will look like and this is
for my people if you got this far hit
the like button hit the subscribe button
if you're brand new now for conditional
acceptance it says "Hey I hereby
conditionally accept your offer to
collect payment on alleged account
referenced above upon your presentation
of the following documentation." So look
a verified copy of your original wedding
signature or contract showing my
signature verified authenticated proof
that you are a lawful holder in due
course of said instrument according to
UCCC -full accounting and
transaction ledger showing the origin of
the debt and all payments and
adjustments made under DC-
okay legal proof that valuable
consideration was given by your
institution or client in exchange for
the original note proof that the alleged
debt has not been discharged sold
satisfied through tax write off
insurance or any third-party settlement
and a copy of the C and the A
if applicable confirmation that you're
in compliance with USC G and
USC affirmation that no third
party debt collector is misrepresenting
their standing in violation of the
federal law so I'm very strategic and
very um detailed on the type of
questions that I'm asking and now they
should be answering these point for
point they can't answer these point for
point then that's when the that's when
they fall in the burden place okay
that's where they get in a position
where now look you know I don't give a
heck if you just show me this but I need
you to prove that you're the lawful
holder in due course i need you to
provide the full accounting and
transaction ledger i need legal proof
that their valuable consideration was
given meaning that you actually loaned
me money from your institution okay i
need to also know that it hasn't been
discharged and if you have a C or
A then that affirms that there it
has been discharged if you can show me
that it hasn't been sold or securitized
right these are the things that you have
to show me because you know by law if
it's already been written off if you
already made money on it then you
shouldn't be collecting you can't
collect you forfeit your ability to
collect once you sell the note once you
sell the note you actually lose the
being the lawful holder okay so that's
why I'm asking for the accounting and
things of that nature and that's just
that's how powerful conditional
acceptance is but you know sometimes we
think that the argument is literally
just about oh I filled out this form and
this that and the third no do you see
the list of questions that I'm breaking
down
you dig what I'm saying now obviously
you can go and you can copy and paste
and you can go review this multiple
times but I do have it in my complete
debt guide the link is in the
description okay now you essentially
want to ask things like did the lender
file for insurance is this a tax
deduction you be very specific of the
type of things that you ask which is why
my conditional acceptance is laid out
that way and that's where it's like okay
you cannot miss a beat okay now here's
how you're going to really close this
strategy number one you want to track
these forms on your IRS account
transcript okay number two you want to
request the missing ones using the
Freedom of Information Act or a direct
IRS request you can ask the IRS directly
for a particular um uh uh uh uh uh you
know for the to track these forms and
get the IRS transcript and you want to
compare who profited the lender the
collector the IRS write off because at
the end of the day if somebody made
money off of the note that they are
claiming that they are the ones where
you owe if they was able to make money
off of that it puts them in a position
to where they cannot say that you never
really gave them something of value like
you just agreed to a term but be upfront
and tell me that my agreeance or me
signing that created an obligation that
obligation is a financial asset to you
if you were just upfront about that we
wouldn't be going down this rigma road
right now and I'm and I'm not saying
this so that one could get emotional and
things of that nature but it's more in
the aspect of you know when you start to
to challenge their honor and they move
in dishonor that right there is a
violation moving in dishonor simply is
just giving you uh uh the wrong
information moving in dishonor can be
essentially them giving you false
information moving in dishonor can
essentially be be uh them ignoring you
okay not answering point for point right
not taking your lawful tender right they
will say "Well oh it's not legal
tender." But I mean when you look at the
definition of tender
you dig what I'm saying boom it says
Tender
that tender is to unconditionally offer
money or performance to meet an
obligation so when you think about it
you are always unconditionally offering
money you are always performing to meet
an obligation that's when you send when
you send a unconditional offer or a
conditional offer or a conditional
acceptance you are performing to meet an
obligation see we don't look at that as
simple as that we try to over complicate
it and think we got to fill this form
and that form and we got to have this
set up and that set up but if you can
prove that you were performing on the
obligation they can't say that you
breached the the contract okay but then
on the other foot if they refuse it it
says that under UCCC -that if a
tender a payment of the obligation to
pay an instrument is made to a person
entitled to enforce the instrument and
the tender is refused then there is
discharge
okay so these are the things that you
would include in your debt validation
letter these are the things that you
would include in your conditional
acceptance letter these are the things
that when you start to challenge them
and you ask them for particular
information especially when we're
talking about a strategy of a A you
ask them for it hey do you have the copy
B do you have the copy uh uh B of the
C or the A for my records and
there's nothing wrong with that if it
was if if it was something that was not
would be uh detrimental to them then
they would just give it to you if it
wasn't so detrimental to them it's Noah
I can't give that to you that would be
false and misleading information and
according to USC under the truth
and lending act it says that they will
Criminal Liability
be under criminal liability for willful
and knowing violation
so if they give false or inaccurate
information or fails to provide
information which he is required to
disclose under the provisions of the
subchapter right or otherwise fails to
comply with any requirement imposed
under the subchapter shall be fined not
more than five grand or imprisoned so
it's now a criminal offense if they lie
about the stuff that we're we're asking
for well you can't give it to me okay
let me take your name and your number
because it's actually a criminal offense
for you to willful willfully and
knowingly violate my rights by lying
giving me false information when you
start to throw these things out at them
that right there puts them in a in a
position where now they have they're
they're caught red-handed and it's like
damn should I tell the truth should I
hang up on them and if they do stuff
like that then you This is why we always
ask for them to send it in writing try
not to have these conversations over the
phone because if they lie in writing you
can bring present that in court oh you
can't send it to me can you send me that
in writing
i would love to get that in writing if
they decide not to send it in writing
then that's when you want to send them a
letter and ask them for it in writing
look I spoke to this agent and and I
asked them um they this agent said that
they couldn't provide this information
to me and that I don't think that that's
true i know that under the truth and
lending act i know that under the FDCPA
i know that under the UCCC that you guys
have a duty to provide this information
to me okay and just in case this person
may have had it wrong I'm giving you
guys an opportunity to provide that
information in writing right if you're
going to say that you can't give it to
me I would love to see that in writing
okay and I want you to know that if you
lie under USC you cannot give me
false and misleading information that
would be a criminal offense okay that
would be a a level of fraud all right
that would be you dishonoring me okay
and then furthermore if you ignore this
attempt you'll be violating the FDCPA
okay USC 
okay so part of understanding these laws
is so that you know they can't just take
advantage of you and give you some BS by
saying "Oh we can't give you that." Yeah
if you can't give me that right under 
Civil Liability
USC K they'll be under civil
liability okay it says except as
otherwise provided in this section any
debt collector who fails to comply with
any provisions of the subchapter with
respect to any person is liable to such
person in an amount equal to the sum of
any actual damage sustained by such
person as a result of such failure in
the case of any action by individual
such in such additional damages as the
court may allow not exceeding a thousand
or in the case of a class action okay so
long story short if and this is what
this is saying that if they violate any
of these sections of the Fair Debt
Collection Practices Act even as simple
as them not validating your debt and
ignoring your validation attempt them
you know giving you false and misleading
representation them using harassment or
abuse them not communicating in
connection with the debt properly them
acquiring your location information um
giving it to a third party without your
consent you uh them furnishing deceptive
forms you have a right to challenge
their liability on that because they
have a duty to do that so not only do
you have USC K but you also have
USC all right so all in all if
they repossess your vehicle if they
foreclose on your home just know a A
was created you want to get record of
that A and know that after a A a
C is going to follow dig what I'm
saying this is how you use a to be
able to discharge debt you use it
against them you create a strategy you
use that paper trail to prove that the
debt has already been settled okay we
can argue that that you know the
promisary note may pay the bill but if
that if you're not strong in that
argument cuz I do I will tell you that
that does take a understanding of what's
happening behind the scenes but if
you're not if you get a A or C
just know that the debt has been
discharged they cannot double collect
they forfeit their their hope them being
the holder in due course and you use
that against them you say "Hey the debt
has already been discharged so you can't
collect on this debt if you already made
your money on it."
Okay and that's what the argument is
whatever you agree to becomes null and
void
okay so their only argument is to
enforce the agreement but if that
agreement has been settled already
because some third party decided to pay
the debt or you decided to charge it off
there are laws put in place so that you
can be able to fight against someone who
is not the legal holder in due course
someone that's already made money
someone who hasn't given value
consideration that's according to the
debt and they still try to come after
you for some debt all right so now that
you guys understand exactly how these
forms go how to properly um
challenge them if you get in a position
where your car gets repossessed or the
house and this is typically after it
gets repossessed or after the house gets
foreclosed on you now know that there
are secret IRS forms that they use okay
and we've learned to fill out these
forms ourselves but no you can actually
just use you go based off of what they
fill out already and use it against them
okay so if you gotten this far down
below I have the complete debt guide
that pretty much has uh instructions
letters like the conditional acceptance
the threepack affidavits affidavit of
truth debt validation letter where I'm
asking these key questions that go
handinhand with discharging your debt