Navy Federal Employee Tells Me How to Get Internal Score
Â how
to get a a perfect internal Navy
Federal credit score and if you don't
know what an internal uh score is with
Navy Federal we're going to talk about
that but um it's just recently I
released a video on how to get an
$credit card the flagship with
Navy Federal on that video I talk about
a strategy that anyone can use whether
your credit is good whether your credit
is bad it's a strategy that you
basically use in do things that
essentially increase your internal score
now when you increase your internal
score it gives you a better chance of
getting products and services with Navy
Federal because they don't just consider
your personal FICO nine TransUnion score
or whatever scoring mile that they're
using because they also use Experian for
the business side it doesn't really
matter um it matters but it's like in
conjunction with that you also have this
internal score that really is based on
the things that you do with them okay so
it's like you don't just have to rely on
just having a super high credit score
like a and just think that the doors
just open for you and you can get
everything um recently one of our
subscribers he just and I think I pinned
that actual comment that he uh made he
had a credit score and was able to
get
$for a Flagship credit card with
Navy Federal now that doesn't mean that
his personal credit may not his personal
credit score may not have been high but
maybe he had no derogatory marks and he
was in the process of rebuilding but
maybe it it looked like this could have
potential and then maybe he did some
things with that strategy in order to
put himself in position to get a high
internal score so even with having a low
credit score or bad credit he was able
to still get a very high credit limit
and a very good credit card so that's
why this is important that's the reason
why I'm excited to share this
information and why I think that you
know everyone should Implement these
things if they can in order to increase
their internal score with Navy Federal
whether you're a member or whether you
are planning to become a member in the
future so you know let's get started
with these things that I actually
learned while I was at Navy Federal
DD+Flagship Checking Account
first thing something I did mention in
the video but I did get more information
on and why it was important so for Navy
Federal Direct Deposit um and having
that Flagship the checking account now I
talked about this in that same video but
I want to give more information on how
this actually will increase your
internal score so stability and
predictability this is a really big
thing with Navy Federal and this kind of
works with all financial institutions
other credit unions Banks um direct
deposit it provides a stable and
predictable source of funds when a uh
when when a customer uh has a paycheck
or other forms of in come when it's
directly deposited into your bank
account it ensures a regular flow of
money into that bank recently I did
another video on how to set up um or how
to create paycheck stubs but also how to
set up direct deposit if you're
self-employed so now I pay myself
through my business I just got an email
seriously like right before I made this
video I got an email saying that my cash
Rewards Card my um cash back increased
from %
to
% because I have direct deposit
again so they're recognizing the the
deposit that I'm making through my
business as my direct deposit so if
you're someone who's self-employed or
has a business and you wonder how you
can do this I have a video on that as
well again if you have a question I'm
just trying to make sure that for any
type
of any I don't know how else to call it
but any excuse or anything that you
think can prevent you from doing
something I want to have a counter to to
that argument because I really do
believe that if you have as if you stop
making excuses and reasons why you can't
you'll see that there's plenty of
solutions the solutions are everywhere
they're they're infinite you just have
to change your mindset so even if you're
self-employed you can do this
too now it's reduced cost so direct
deposit actually reduces the cost
associated with handling paper checks
with Navy Federal and it saves money on
printing processing mailing um when
members opt into this so Navy Federal
likes to see that because it will save
the money and it helps streamline their
operations so it does reduce expenses
all of this stuff is very very important
when you want to increase your internal
score um retention so when they offer
this it retains customers because
normally when you have your direct
deposit with an institution you're very
rarely going to go somewhere else what's
cool is you can have a direct deposit
for a small amount and you could spread
your direct your deposit among many
banks so most of your jobs will have
this where if you go into like you know
workday Workforce whatever it is that
that you're using you can actually
disperse your deposit into many
different banks essentially you will
still have the direct deposit feature so
just know that it's not like you have to
only do this with one place you can
spread it amongst a bunch of other Banks
so just be aware that that's something
that that you can do um it increases the
engagement so it encourages members to
engage more with their bank account uh
when members have income that's going
directly into their Bank they're more
likely to use other products and
services like Bill Pay savings accounts
and other features um and as of now
they're actually offering a special
savings with the free Flagship checking
account if you have an average daily
balance of
$or more $if you have less than
so just by knowing that you can
see that Navy Federal is incentivizing
members to maintain a certain balance in
their account and this will increase
your internal score significantly so
these are all reasons why having that is
super important and why you want to
enroll in this even if you're only going
to do a partial enrollment I recommend
doing that and if you can at least uh
maintain an average daily balance of
$it'll save you the $for for the
flagship having that Premier tier
account does also help so if you can do
that uh let's move on to the next thing
Pledge Loans
now let's talk about the pledge loan now
with the pledge loan and you may know
this too I have a video on this if you
want an in-depth um review on the pledge
loan how it works how it helps I
recommend that you watch that video as
well I'll probably link them at the end
so you utilize your Navy Federal play
pledge loan to boost your credit score
lots of people have been doing this it
can increase your score seems to be an
average of to points this strategy
involves depositing anywhere from
$all the way up to
$initiating a pledge loan a
secured loan and then paying off %
either immediately or you can wait a
month for it to report that's your
choice this method diversifies your
credit
portfolio so when you have your credit
profile
this um will give you a good credit mix
it'll also show that you can handle
large amounts of loans and that you're
paying them back on time it also will
increase your credit score uh because
payment history is per is % of your
overall score so majority of your score
comes from ontime payments the longer
you have this loan the more ontime
payments get reported the better that um
it will improve your credit score so it
really has really great effects as long
as you're doing it for a lengthy amount
of time a shorter amount of time it will
help initially and then once it's gone
you're going to not have any more you
know ontime payments that are reporting
so then it may lose some of that um some
of that help because your score May take
another another hit once it's paid off
but initially it does help I recommend
doing longer periods of time it doesn't
have a hard inquiry that's another great
benefit so I believe my internal score
was around like somewhere around
there out of
in my first six months then I got a
pledge loan I also did get a secure
credit card too but I got the pledge
loan I did a $pledge loan for 
months and when I finished doing that my
internal score was about out of
um and when that happened when I
paid the pledge loan off maybe this was
I don't know if it was the same thing
but when I paid off my pledge loan
that's when my secure card actually
graduated I only did a $deposit I
got that back and then my secure card
graduated to
$um and then I was able to keep
raising that up so that's just something
that I want to uh recommend that you
guys do I'm not sure if it was a
combination of both but I will say that
it brought my internal score up very
high from that to that 
um and the way that it was told to me is
that when you do a pledge loan
apparently from what the guy in Navy
Federal told me they earn a small amount
of Interest now if you go on to the
website you'll actually see this um they
earn % of interest on the pledge loans
and then they earn % of the interest if
it's longer than months so you are
while you're increasing your credit
score you're also boosting your internal
credit score that's the benefit for you
the benefit for Navy Federal is that
they're they're earning interest off of
this they really like to see that you're
using their products and services when
you leave money in their bank it's in
you know in their credit union it's
helping them when you do this it's
helping them so really what you're
seeing is there's a mutual beneficial
relationship going on between us the
members and the credit union because
when we get all these products and
services it does help make them a small
amount of money and yes it seems like
it's a very small amount on the
individual level but if we look at the
macro level you know when you're doing
this for a couple of million people it
adds up to a large amount so just know
that your small contribution is helping
in the bigger picture and that does help
increase your internal score overall all
right so let's move on to the next one
EasyStart Certificates
now this is one that I rarely hear
anyone talk about with Navy Federal but
I feel like it's very easy one if you
guys want I can cover an entire video on
this particular thing I have not done
that yet but it's an easy Start
certificate so investing in the easy
start certificates with an amount
ranging from $to $you can do
that for to months this can
significantly enhance your relationship
with Navy Federal so these certificates
offer uh apy benefits so you can earn a
little bit on there and it's
demonstrating a solid Financial
commitment and in aing your credit score
at the same time so the minimum deposit
is as low as $you can do as low as 
the terms are available from to 
months you can add money at any time
there's no maximum purchase and um you
can open multiple certificates and you
can renew it up to days after the
maturity date so these are another
they're just another tool that you can
use to help improve your relationship
some of us
um are not in the position or are not
going to do auto loans right now some
some of us aren't going to look at
mortgage loans with them right now so
you can also have those but if you don't
have a mortgage loan and you don't have
an auto loan then you could do a pledge
loan you can also do a certificate all
these things help in my opinion I don't
think the amount matters I just think
that you're using the product is what
matters with Navy Federal so uh again
with with my internal score I never did
one of these but I it makes me wonder
what if I would have done an easy Start
certificate and a pledge loan and a
secure credit card a flagship checking
account and direct deposit at the
beginning this won't you could go as low
as $on this The Pledge loan you can
literally do a secur c for
$
literally um or you could do a I'm sorry
a pledge loan for $yes you can
actually take that money get it back
then you can pay off % get the %
back then take that money and then do
the secure card for as low as $so
you can completely just keep moving this
money around so for the most part for
you to have all of these products it may
only cost you
like I don't know like less than $to
do all of
these I mean it doesn't really cost much
and then wait what days to kind of
have those direct deposits build up
that might increase your internal score
right there that might get you very
close to a so again just all things
that you can keep in mind I haven't
talked about the easy start certificates
so if that's something that you would
want more information on then just let
me know i' be more than happy to make a
video on that I have really not seen
anyone on YouTube talk about this which
is why I was so excited to actually get
this information uh from this guy at
Navy Federal I mean he was really really
really nice and he just gave me the
rundown on all the things and just gave
me every single reason why these actual
products and services actually make
money for Navy Federal and why they're
going to look at you in a really good
light and why it helps your internal
score so yeah uh if you appreciate this
information definitely like And
subscribe all right let's move on to the
next one we already know having any of
Credit Cards
Navy Federal credit cards including the
in the in rewards the secure card it
will greatly improve your internal score
just based off what I told you right
every single Bank makes money from
interchange fees all of them do when you
swipe that card the more you use it the
more money that you're making for that
Traditional Bank that credit union
whoever that's the reason why they want
you to use their card okay they make
money from these interchange fees so
that's how it will benefit Navy Federal
now again what I'm realizing is it
really doesn't matter it seems like the
limit that you get the size of the all
you have to do is be actively using this
product just use it um and hopefully
you're starting to notice the the trend
here there's a trend you need to get
products that make Navy Federal some
money that's it the more you use this
the more it helps them and in turn
they're they're going to help you so
swipe your card make money the more
transactions that you make and that you
pay back it helps it really really
really will help and again this is why
I'm saying even if you're working on
your credit this does not prevent you
from getting this started you can even
if I had a credit score when I first
started I was able to get the in rewards
card yes it was a hard inquiry I did
make a deposit of $okay I was able
to do that again you can take the same
start a two start a $pledge loan
I recommend at least doing the $for
months or longer I recommend doing it
longer cuz when you pay off % you get
the funds back I recommend doing that
getting the N rewards card if that's all
that you qualify for and then taking the
rest of the money sitting it in your
account your Flagship checking you know
at least to now not have a fee
every month and now you have that
balance you have this you have that you
you can get a certificate all of these
things are going to greatly improve your
internal score it does not cost you a
lot of money to be able to do all of
this and the benefit that you get the
payoff is going to be much greater than
what it cost you to actually do this so
definitely again it doesn't matter what
level you start at you start at the end
re the end rewards cool anyone can do it
you start at the level of cash rewards
cool that's fine get yourself in there
but you want to get all of these
products and services all right so I
Other Key Factors
want to talk about three other tips
other key factors that I want you to
consider credit line increases so
requesting a credit line increase with
Navy Federal it can instantly improve
your utilization overall it's a key
factor in your credit scoring okay you
want to utilize the Navy Federal app for
a soft pool when you don't do the Navy
Federal app and you try to call there
have been reports that you will get a
hard pull for a credit line increase so
you want to utilize that and it will um
you know minimize the impact of having
that hit on your credit score so
definitely go ahead ask for credit line
increases if you already have a card
with them just because it can greatly
increase your credit score if your
utilization is high and maybe you're not
in the place to pay off a lot of um debt
right now increasing the limit can also
help reduce that ratio okay um optimal
payment timing now this kind of goes
without saying of course but paying your
credit card um on the statement closed
they
um not on the due date it can maximize
your credit score boost all right now
this is something that just again it
kind of goes without saying but this
strategy can elevate your score by 
points um emphasizing the importance of
having strategic payments and what I
mean by that is essentially if you pay
down your utilization like let's say
down to
% right at the closing cycle date and
that reports it's going to look very
very good it's going to look like you're
you're paying your card and you're very
and you're not using much of of the
limit that can also help the credit line
increases another way I'm just saying
some things where you want to consider
these other factors
because regardless to having a high
internal score like let's say you do you
do all of this and you get a perfect
internal score if you want to help
yourself a little bit more improve your
credit score at least get to like a 
range and if you can try to get rid
of all the derogatory information all of
this will greatly greatly greatly help
you so
um and then of course maintaining a high
credit score that that leads us right to
that so focus on optimizing payment
history your your uh utilization your
credit age mix and new credit these
components significantly influence your
credit score with on Time payments and
utilization being the most impactful so
they contribute to % of your score
respectively and of course if you've
been on this channel for a while I've
already talked about this a whole lot so
I know you're already aware of this but
if you're new and you haven't been here
then I want you to know that maintaining
a high credit score is very important
now with Navy Federal in this particular
topic yes having a high internal score
is really really good having a high
internal score does not make up for
having poor credit or having a majority
of like derogatory mark s now what I'm
saying is even with bad credit it does
not stop you from getting these higher
limits or getting things with Navy
Federal but if you have a credit report
with a bunch of derogatory marks and you
owe like collections charge offs
that you got to clean that up you you
you just have to cuz having bad credit
is or low credit is one thing having a
credit report where you have a bunch of
accounts that you didn't pay on is
something totally different okay you got
to understand those things are not the
the same thing having a bunch of
derogatory marks and having a low credit
score is not the same exact thing
because I you can have a credit
score and get denied from having one
collection or one charge off because
they're going to say you have too many
accounts that you haven't paid back even
with the credit score I've had one
and denied not by Navy Federal but other
places by having that now with Navy
Federal I've had two charge offs and
still have my credit card graduate to
get a $limit so again I'm not
saying that with navy fedal I'm just
saying in general you want to take care
of that because you can't I mean you're
not going to just go to Navy Federal you
want to go to other places in maximize
right so you want to have a high
internal score but just know that if you
want to get the full effect of the
benefits you do need to make sure that
your credit score is in good shape or
has the best shape that you can get it
in so I'm not saying it has to be
perfect I'm just saying that you you
need to get it in the best shape that
you possibly can in order to help
yourself you just want to put yourself
in the best position possible to be able
to win that's all I'm saying put
yourself in the best light that you
possibly can in the eyes of these
institutions and you know just really
try to make sure that you're maintaining
all these things at the same time as
doing these other options to increase
your internal score those are all the
Thank You
things that were mentioned to me I wrote
down as many of them as possible and
then just added some additional benefits
that that I heard and then added some of
those details about you know why does
this help because I think it's not just
important to understand you know what
you should do it's better to understand
how it works so now you have an
understanding of why this benefits the
the institution the uh Credit Union even
the the Traditional Bank why they want
you to do these things and how it could
help you cuz the same way they have an
internal score I believe that every bank
has some sort of internal scoring model
that that they use in order to to grade
you CU you see people get denied all the
time even with a credit score
they get denied it's happened to uh me
and I can tell you plenty I've had it to
where they told me because I don't have
I don't have a bank account I don't have
a relationship I didn't these things
actually do matter so you know you could
take this same internal scoring video
with Navy Federal and you can apply a
lot of these same things to another
Traditional Bank you know this is all
really good privy um informatio