NEW A.I. Deletes EVERYTHING From Credit Reports | Why Nobody Is Talking About This!
this is the easiest and fastest way to
increase your credit score guaranteed
on today's video I'm going to truly
expose how easy it is for anyone to fix
their credit on their own using AI if
you choose to i want to be really clear
so everyone understands that AI is going
to take over the entire credit repair
industry across the United States this
is truly the new wave how you can work
on your credit on your own and anyone
can do it the days of paying these
bootleg credit repair companies hundreds
and even thousands of dollars are over
because now AI is allowing you to
control the entire process on your own
but let's be very clear about this this
is definitely not Chat GPT because
ChatGpt truly does not understand the
entire credit reporting process yet in
order for Chad GPT to be successful with
this you have to feed it so many
different prompts so many different
letters so many different reports in
order for it to become more advanced
because Chad GPT has to figure out what
works and what doesn't work and
unfortunately it's not there cuz you're
always going to hear people say on the
internet "Oh I'll just fix my credit
using Chad GBT." Well then do it fam
show us exactly how you're going to do
it from start to finish and it actually
works nobody has ever done that they all
say it's super simple but I want you to
walk me through it and show me how to do
it and show me that you're actually
going to get good results from it that's
the biggest part that they leave out is
the results show me results it's very
important to understand that Chad GPT
also does not understand the different
tactics of disputing because there are
three different disputing tactics that
can be used there's Metro compliance
disputing there's consumer law and then
there's factual disputing and nobody
wants to admit that there's never been a
software that can do all three until now
i want everyone out there to understand
everyone that's working on their credit
that you are up against the machine at
the credit reporting agencies the
machine that they are using is called E
Oscar this is exactly what is going to
process your disputes and read your
letters it's trying to figure out what
exactly you're trying to say to the
credit reporting agencies and its
biggest job is to respond to you and the
next step in what E Oscar does is it
takes all of that information and it
sends it to the creditor debt collector
or whoever it is you're trying to
communicate with you need to understand
that E Oscar was designed to help the
credit reporting agencies not you the
consumer who is the actual borrower
because understand the more that they
can keep your credit score down the more
the credit reporting agency makes from
you the consumer because they can sell
subprime lending information to all of
these different companies and that's how
the credit bureaus truly make money the
credit bureaus don't make money from
selling credit scores and credit reports
they make money from people with bad
credit because the longer they can keep
your credit score down the more subprime
lending products they can offer you
meaning car loans with high interest
rates credit cards with high interest
rates home loans with high interest
rates life just becomes super expensive
and you can't afford it the credit
reporting agencies are making billions
of dollars from selling you subprime
lending products they don't make
billions of dollars from people like me
with high credit scores they make money
solely from people with bad credit i
want you to understand that this is a
billiondoll business and by the year of
it's going to be a trillion dollar
business and it's called big data they
sell your personal information your bad
credit to all the subprime lending
companies that's how they're making all
of this money and the credit reporting
agencies are going to continue to make
billions and trillions of dollars every
single year as long as they can keep you
down why do you think you get random
text messages that say "Hey do you need
a personal loan hey do you need a new
car hey do you need better car insurance
rates?" All of this information is
coming from the big data industry that's
why you're getting all of these offers
and this is why it's important for you
to work on your credit because the
longer they can keep you down the more
that they can keep you in those bad car
loans the bad mortgage rates the bad
credit cards continuously making money
off of your bad credit it truly just
turns into a life that just becomes
unaffordable and I want to be really
clear that this is not Chat GPT and it
damn sure is not the bootleg credit
Versio that gives you three basic
template letters for just three credit
reporting agencies and they damn sure
don't attack the secondary bureaus and
they don't attack the creditors directly
and here's the even crazier part now
they're selling it to other YouTubers
other Tik Tockers other Instagrammers so
now they're changing the name on it and
selling you a different product for more
money but it's the same damn thing and
it's damn sure not the bootleg Dovely
that is literally just going to only
pull your credit reports from TransUnion
so then it's just going to guess that
it's on the other credit reporting
agencies i mean who does that because
it's basically making letters to dispute
absolutely nothing and the even worse
part these credit repair companies
aren't telling you the truth that
they're all using credit repair software
because there's no way that they're
going through every single credit report
creating custom letters for every single
person it's not possible they would have
to have so many people working inside of
a building going through credit reports
creating letters and they don't because
we all know that they're just lazy and
they just don't care because it's
absolutely impossible for any credit
repair company to get to or
even clients by looking at every
single credit report and sending out
custom letters for every single person
it's just not possible you're always
going to hear them say this this is the
favorite like "Yeah man we're going to
create some custom letters for you to
make sure we take care of this no
they're not the entire credit repair
industry is using template letters
they're using software they don't know
how to fix credit and that's exactly why
I helped create Dispies the most
advanced AI credit repair software ever
created it uses Metrocompliance
disputing consumer law and factual
disputing the first of its kind and
listen these credit repair software
companies are making millions of dollars
and making you go into their system and
choose a reason and choose a letter
they're not telling you that these are
all bootleg template letters that
millions of people have been using over
and over and over again all of these
softwares are banking on the fact that
you do not know the difference between
factual disputing consumer law and
Metrocompliance attacking and this is
exactly why credit repair companies get
away with all of this let's just take a
second and be honest that consumers
don't even know that Metro compliance
even exists they've been convinced that
all these bootleg template letters work
and don't try to come into the comments
and say "Oh this is a sponsored video."
No it's not because I actually own
Dispute Beast dispute Beast is the only
software that's going to create your
custom flow to your specific issues
making sure to use consumer law factual
disputing and metro compliance
creating custom letters every single
month dispute is always going to attack
the big three credit reporting agencies
Experian Equifax and TransUnion and also
the creditors but it doesn't just stop
there because it's also going to attack
the secondary credit reporting agencies
that nobody talks about no it doesn't
freeze them you don't need to freeze
them you need to attack them and I'm
referring to Lexus Nexus LCI Anovvice
ARS Credco Clarity Data X Microbuilt
Factor Trust all of them because you
need to eradicate these negative items
everywhere dispute Beast is literally
doing everything out there that no other
credit repair software does and you're
probably asking yourself how is it
possible that Dispute Beast is light
years ahead of an entire credit repair
industry well it's just simple because
they just don't care and I'm going to
repeat it again before anybody else
comes into the comments and asks "Mike
should we freeze the secondary credit
reporting agencies?" No we are not doing
that because that is from like okay
we are way more advanced than that and
you have to attack these negative items
everywhere and eradicate it everywhere
this is where every credit repair
company fails all of these amateurs
spewing the same bootleg parited
information no you need to attack them
directly and eradicate it because even
if you freeze the secondary credit
reporting agencies they still have
access to your credit reports so it's
pointless because if it's on your credit
report they have access because again we
want to attack it and eradicate it
everywhere and that's the main reason
why Dispute Beast attacks all the
secondary credit reporting agencies we
don't want to freeze them we want to
attack them dispute Beast truly leaves
no stone unturned allowing you to
perform credit repair at the highest
level possible now let me go ahead and
show you how truly easy it is to use
Dispute Beast and before I jump into
this understand that Dispute Beast is
the only AI credit repair software that
comes with a % money back guarantee
so if it doesn't work we pay you so you
literally have nothing to lose so let me
show you exactly how it works
last part's the most important now once
you set up your account it's going to
give you the option of what types of
utility bills you can upload and your
driver's license and then you're going
to click the big blue button and it's
going to show you all the negative items
that are hurting your credit now before
you hit the start attack if you want to
attack any hard inquiries just scroll
all the way down to the very bottom and
then you'll choose the hard inquiries
that you would like to attack on your
credit reports you see right there now
if once you click on it it's going to
tell you what you can and cannot do and
how to not make a mistake so you don't
have to sit there and guess like oh what
should I do am I doing the right thing
no it will make sure that you do not
fail in this process and then once you
click the little start attack button
then it's going to start to generate
your attacks and show you exactly what
your letters look like as you can see
it's analyzing items and it usually
takes about maybe to seconds at
max i don't think it's ever taken that
long but once it does that it's going to
populate your letters so give it a
second here and it'll pop up right now
in a second and it's going to create
those custom letters for every single
person's different situation of
whatever's on your credit report
attacking all of the negative items that
are hurting your credit and keeping your
credit score down now you're going to
have two different choices on how to
actually proceed once it creates your
letters as you can see right here here
we go so you're going to have the option
to let Sprintmail mail your letters for
you for whatever the fee is or you can
print your letters but that's the fee
for however different many letters you
have the fees are going to vary based on
how many letters you actually have to
send or you can email the attacks to
yourself and then once you email them
then you can print them and mail them on
your own so you control the entire
process you could choose which either
one you want to use depending on how
easy you want this to be for yourself
but as you can see it created all of the
major credit reporting agencies and all
of the secondary credit reporting
agencies and the creditors it created
all of your letters in literally just a
matter of seconds and as you can see you
could choose to email them to yourself
or use Sprint Mail so the choice is
going to be yours but the entire process
has been completely simplified as you
saw you didn't have to pick any reasons
or any letters no Dispute Beast truly
does all the work for you and remember
Dispute Beast is the only AI credit
repair software out here that is going
to offer you a % money back guarantee
there's literally nobody else that does
that because they don't have confidence
in their product apparently like we do
because we stand behind it we believe it
and we know it works it truly doesn't
get any easier than this ladies and
gentlemen so if you are ready to get
started and take control of your credit
make sure to comment beast to get
started today and fix your credit so I
hope you enjoy this video we covered
another big one on how to delete
negative items from your credit report
using the most advanced AI credit repair
software ever created Dispute Beast now
make sure to watch this video right here
because it is about a new credit union
that has massive credit cards for people
with bad credit a