Permanently Remove Debts in Days or Less
There's
a Trump loophole that started in March
that you can use to have negative
adverse accounts that are currently on
your personal credit reports You can
have them permanently removed if as if
they never existed at all So I have a
lot to get to So let's get started
[Music]
All right So in full disclosure this is
kind of an inadvertent haphazard rule or
law rather that took place around three
years ago and it was kind of not put in
place really well and it kind of wasn't
used as well as people could use it And
so you're probably wondering Hanukkah it
makes some sense here Hello So here's
the deal Most of you know that you don't
have to worry about medical bills piling
up on your personal credit anymore
because thanks to a little known law
back in
you can actually have medical
stuff taken off your personal credit as
if it never existed This includes
hospital bills This includes you know
anything that has to do with medical Now
stay with me because you're probably
thinking "Well Monica I don't have
anything medical or there are no medical
things related to anything medical that
I can claim on my personal credit right
now." Well listen to me very carefully
because you might not realize that you
can actually use this loophole for some
of the closed accounts that you
currently have right now So before
anybody gets all you know their panties
in a bunch because I know some of you
like to post your little comments about
how this what I'm about to share with
you might not be legal I already cleared
this with my attorney in Beverly Hills
who handles all my credit stuff for me
and for my students and clients just
like you And so I had asked him "Is this
legal?" And he told me "Yes." So let me
explain to you how you can use this
medical loophole to have accounts that
are currently closed collections
accounts etc that are currently on your
credit report right now that might not
look like by face value that they are
medically related How you can actually
utilize this little known loophole to be
able to get these things permanently
removed off your personal credit reports
Now first of all if you're not sure what
an adverse account is it's basically
something that's negatively impacting
your personal credit right So you
probably have a lot of closed accounts
charge off accounts that you'd prefer
that they didn't exist at all And so
ideally you can have them permanently
removed as if they never existed That's
the goal especially if it's a negative
account You don't want that on your
credit report right So the faster you
get it removed the higher your FICO will
go and the more creditw worthy you will
look if you can get these off your
credit So you're probably thinking "Well
Monica I don't have any medical bills or
any of the medical bills I did have
they're gone now." Or maybe you do have
medical bills and you didn't know about
this little loophole and there might be
a hospital bill on there or an ambulance
bill or anything related to some kind of
care health care could even be a dentist
bill I mean technically and I asked my
attorney about this and he said yes
dentistry especially when it comes to
dentistry that's critical for your
health that actually can fall under the
health care category because if you
think about it you know if you have some
critical issue that you need some kind
of oral surgery for for example that's
considered a medical bill So maybe you
didn't think about how some of these
other things that are not technically
directly medical related can get removed
off your credit because by law they're
not supposed to be on your credit
anymore anyway So yes if you do have
hospital bills or anything that's
medical related that's currently on your
credit reports you can simply send a
letter to Experian Equifax and
TransUnion which are three are three
credit reporting bureaus send a letter
one letter to each of them telling them
to remove these hospital bills ambulance
bills anything related to any medical
have them removed off your personal
credit and you could just simply say
that this is the law and you cite the
law And so if you want a my free credit
templates my free credit letter
templates you can go down below and I
will also in the description box below
tell you exactly what the cited case law
is so that you can add that to your
letter to give it a little bit more ump
if you know what I mean So you can do
that automatically with your medical
bills In fact there should not be any
more medical bills on your credit But a
lot of things slip through the cracks
folks You can't expect these credit
reporting bureaus to want to do right by
you because they're never going to do
right by you You need to do right by
yourself And so you need to double check
to make sure that there's nothing
medical related on your reports your
credit reports because if there is it
needs to be taken off And you don't even
have to offer an explanation other than
you need to take it off because this is
the law and here's the law And that's it
You don't need to include that it's not
yours it's not the right amount you know
they need to investigate None of that
crap You just basically say "Take it off
You're legally not able to put it on
there so take it off." Period Now here's
the little loophole I want to share with
you So starting March this little
rule about having medical stuff kind of
really got really bolstered up and it's
now at I guess you could say max
capacity as far as how the law works And
so a couple two three years ago when it
first started to come into I guess
general knowledge for consumers to be
able to take off medical bills and
anything medical related off their
credit reports Now the full thrust of
the entire law is now in effect as of
March So what does this mean Well
basically means that anything that falls
under the umbrella of medical can be
removed like I mentioned before It could
literally be chiropractor bills It could
literally be oral care bills or oral
dentistry bills It could be anything
that can be even construed remotely
construed as medical It could even be
prescription medications Now hear me out
What if this is a this is a question I
have for you I don't have an answer for
you personally but what if you had a
Capital One bill that maybe is a closed
account or a charge off right now and
you used to have like a credit credit
you know Capital One account or any
other credit card bill and you used even
part of that to pay for anything medical
related Like for example maybe you used
your Capital One credit card to pay for
some dentistry work Maybe you use that
Capital One credit card to pay for some
kind of medical stuff including
prescription medication maybe some kind
of afterare maybe some kind of therapy
Um maybe maybe you had you know you used
it for somebody else in your family
Maybe a family member needed some kind
of medical care and you had to use your
credit card to be able to pay for it And
so here's the loophole And again I I did
I did ask my attorney about this so
don't be playing armchair attorney with
me in your comment section because
unless you are an actual attorney you
know my attorney did clear this with me
and stated that yes if you have say for
example a charged off Capital One credit
card and you had paid medical expenses
with that credit card that's technically
considered a medical bill even though
it's showing up as Capital One And that
can go for several other accounts that
you have on your credit report that are
closed charge off accounts Now let me
back up for a second because some of you
are like "Well Monica I still have a
Capital One card but they're late pays
and this and that." Let's just be clear
I know somebody's going to ask me in the
comments and and not listen to what I'm
saying in the video but if it's an open
account or a current revolving account
do not attempt to utilize this strategy
for an open or current account that
maybe you have late pays for Don't do
that because it's not going to work We
are only focusing in on closed accounts
including charge off accounts including
collection accounts That's it So closed
debt as a door enable debt as a doorork
knob closed like you are not trying to
do this with open revolving accounts or
late pay accounts or anything like that
So what you need to do is go on your
credit reports uh by going to I like to
go to experian.com pay the $get all
three credit reports all three credit
you know FICO scores just to see where
I'm at because that's the starting point
of all of your credit repairs You have
to get those three credit reports Now if
you want to go to Credit Karma or some
other place to get them for free great
Good on you Go for it Um if you want to
actually go to Experian Equifax and
TransUnion you get a free report every
single year You have to write in for it
or if you are denied credit they have to
by law give you a credit report for free
But they don't usually give you the FICO
score when you do it that way But you
want to be able to see what your before
and after picture is which is why I tell
everybody go to experian.com pay the
$get all three credit reports and
then when you start the process of
fixing your credit at least you know
where your before and after points are
going to be what your goals are etc So
you take a look and in the very first
section of your credit report when you
print them out I like to print
everything out Uh so you'll get the
downloadable PDF file you print it out
on a printer take a highlighter marker
and go ahead and go through all the
adverse accounts and see where you stand
and what you need to get off Now you
want to target the the accounts that are
closed You don't again want to deal with
any accounts that are still open and
revolving closed accounts only and that
includes charge offs and collection
accounts through a credit you know a
credit collection agency And so you want
to see if there's anything that could be
remotely related to medical And if it's
a credit card then yes it very well
might be related to medical It could you
could have very well paid for a variety
of different things related under the
medical umbrella including but not
limited to medical care dentistry or
oral surgery care afterare when it came
to medical chiropractic bills any kind
of therapeutic bills any kind of
prescription medications anything having
to do with medical with another person
that's all considered medical All right
under the law And so what you can do is
use this the same loophole and you can
actually fight the credit reporting
bureaus which are again Equifax
TransUnion and Experian and you can
actually say well these bills here this
Capital One card this Bank of America
credit card um you know this other
credit card all of these are also
related to medical bills as well because
you know I use these credit cards to pay
for medical bills and initially they're
going to be like well wait a minute
you're going to to show proof or just
like well it happened years ago I I
don't have the receipts anymore They're
likely not going to ask about that
because they're just so inundated right
now with just tons and tons of inquiries
and disputes and all kinds of stuff
right now And so you can very well say
you know I I paid expenses with this
with this Capital One card So under the
law as per this you know and again I
will cite exactly what you're supposed
to say down below in the description box
You basically just copy and paste that
law and that cited case law there and
you basically tell them you need to
remove this as per the law federal law
and you know they might come back and
say well you know I don't believe that
this Capital One card was medical or
they might just take it off altogether
So you have a /shot that's just a
reality Now if they don't take it off
they might just say well no we don't
believe that it is You just keep running
the dispute over and over and over again
So every days you'll be able to send
the same letter I would do it three
times in a row days apart until they
remove it off or until you have to take
it to the next level Now what is the
next level What happens after the three
disputes and say for example maybe one
or two accounts fell off but the rest of
them didn't like what happens at that
point Then you have to start the process
of actually doing complaints This is the
part that a lot of people get lazy about
but this is the part that actually is
when the rubber rubber meets the road
literally where you could basically say
well you know I I need to actually start
filing complaints against you And so
what ends up happening is that you file
complaints against Experian against
Equifax and against TransUnion the three
reporting bureaus And you basically file
complaints with their state attorney
generals each of them And then you have
to file a complaint with I I'll explain
all of this as far as down in the
description box exactly where you're
supposed to file the complaint online
with the federal government And so what
ends up happening is they start getting
all of these letters from these
different legal you know departments And
then eventually what ends up happening
is that the stuff starts to fall off
your credit So you have to follow
through with the final step You know it
just irritates me when I do videos like
this and I try to share with you some
some pretty incredible tips and
strategies that you'll never find from
anybody else as far as how to fix your
credit and somebody inevitably in the
comments is like "Well I tried this once
and it didn't work." Okay Well it took
you years and years to screw up your
credit right Years and years of you not
paying your bills but yet you expect to
do this in like minutes It's not how
life works Sorry You know it's like
working out It's like you know you let
your body go flabby for several years
and you don't get on the treadmill once
for five minutes and think that you know
you're going to turn into some
bodybuilder or something It's not how it
works You have to be very proactive with
it You have to be on a schedule This is
why I always tell people to have an
Excel spreadsheet so that you can know
exactly what you're doing when you're
sending letters to who and about what
and when you're sending complaints out
when you're filing complaints online
with the federal government all the
different things that you're doing to
follow through to be proactive Because I
will tell you there will be a vast
difference between how your credit looks
today versus how it's going to look six
months from now and how it's going to
look months from now if you're very
proactive and timely with how you
actually file everything and send all
your letters out and do your complaints
Okay And of course at the very end if
you still can't get anything off your
credit I mean I can guarantee you things
will fall off You're not going to have a
% success rate So again don't be
typing in the description or the in the
comments down below "Oh Monica I tried
this and half my accounts came off and
the other ones won't come off." Again
this is a process Rome was not built ina day as we all know 