They Thought It Was Hopelessâ€”Then Their Credit Scores Changed Everything
now when it comes to credit restoration
we've cracked the code now very few
people can actually show you results
that look just like this so this client
as y'all can see had poor credit this
was just a matter of weeks ago on May
th they had a credit score as a
matter of fact on May th they had a
and then by May this was days
later from a to a so from the
low s into the credit score range
as a matter of fact that's a point
FICO score increase now here we go with
another client i want to show y'all this
so they actually got
point FICO score increase let's zoom
in a little bit so y'all can see
points y'all see that right here
this is on uh May this is
Experian FICO
points so I just showed y'all we had a
client that credit score went up
points now I'm showing you this one
right here where they went up points
and this is all recent so this is not a
fluke completely different client both
on Experian now when we look at their
credit on April th they were at a 
and as y'all can see they went up to a
so I just showed y'all two clients one
with point increase the other with
point FICO score increase y'all want
to see some more all right bet now as
y'all can see right here right dispute
results are ready good news your FICO
score increased by points taking it
from fair credit to good credit now look
at this so they're now at a y'all
see the date this is Experian FICOas
of May th if you are looking to
get your financial reputation restored
do me a favor do yourself a favor and
call the number on the screen speak with
one of our representatives will walk
through your credit report review items
that need to be removed whether that's
late payments child support bankruptcies
student loans mortgages repos credit
cards personal loans personal lines of
credits secured cards whatever the case
is we will get these accounts knocked
off your credit report and you will also
see huge increases in your FICO score
not your Vantage score i'm showing you
guys actual FICO scores the scores that
matter when lenders and banks and credit
unions are pulling your credit they want
to see that you have a high FICO score
over so if you're in the s s
s even if you're in the s you need
to get your credit score over that 
preferably over because that's when
the opportunities start presenting so we
were able to just help these three
clients I showed you this is just three
examples we have plenty more where now
they're able to get funding for their
business they're able to get funding on
the personal side they're able to go get
them a new car get them a new house get
a loan to start their business and
really start to change their financial
reputation so if you've been living with
bad credit for however long I need you
to do us a favor do yourself a favor
call the number on the screen will walk
through your credit report identify the
accounts that need to be removed and get
them wiped off your credit report we are
the number one company in the United
States when it comes to results we get
the best results in the industry hands
down call the number on the screen get
started today cp Restoration
i just want to say good morning to you
all this is my personal testimony about
CP Credit Restoration man it's been
years I've been trying to get my credit
situation sorted out and boom I got
turned on to CP and I want to say it's a
thumbs up times my credit situation
was in the low fives and I work with CP
Restoration and in no time I'm talking
split of a second I got my perfect
results within a week i'm now in the
s CP credit restoration and I thank
you very very much i'm out all right so
the same client you just saw provide a
testimony as y'all can see I just want
to illustrate this you see on March st
dispute results became ready we saw a
point credit score increase and this
is FICO score for a lot of y'all who say
you showing Credit Karma we're logged
into Experian which shows the FICO aid
and their credit rating changed from
poor to good their credit score
increased
points that is substantial that
means that their credit score was in the
credit score range so they were
around like a 
if my math is correct and as y'all can
see this was not that long ago this was
on March st as of the shooting of
this video that was less than weeks
ago so as y'all see up here date
generated March st now as y'all
can see Wells Fargo bank card deleted
off the credit report portfolio Recovery
Associates this is a collection that was
removed off the credit report we have
Synchrony Bank American Eagle credit
card removed off the credit report
another collection removed off the
credit report yet another collection
removed off the credit report now as you
can see this isn't the same account
these are different collections so you
see the before and the after all right
so as y'all see this was deleted off the
credit report and again this is just a
small collection no big deal but as you
can see on the credit report it shows
collection doesn't matter if it's only
$
the fact that this is showing as a
collection is going to drag your credit
score so you want to make sure that
these items are completely wiped off the
credit report here's another example
this again this one $
when you look at this this is reporting
a collection for close to years right
since all the way up until March of
when we were able to get this
account deleted off the credit report
all right you have an American Eagle
Synchrony Bank so again small balance
this was a charge off this was opened in
this actually went negative in 
all right so th this account was
actually almost close to being phased
off normally right cuz accounts will
stay on your report for years you have
almost about to come off the
credit report but we got it off right
cuz this is a long time when you think
about this this is a long this is a lot
of years of having derogatory items off
your credit report and as this client
suggested they couldn't find a solution
and they've tried other companies to try
to get this collection off of their
credit report for years as you can see
this has been dragging them down for so
long and I'm so happy to say that we
were actually able to help them get this
account removed as y'all can see the
item was deleted off the credit report
for months and months and in fact for
years they had a credit score in the low
s all the way into and as I
stated earlier in the video on March
rd which was only a couple weeks
ago on March th that's the last day
that they had poor credit boom on April
nd which was only less than a week ago
about a week ago a now look at that
for so long they had poor credit this
stretches back years right ever since
they had a poor credit score but
now they have a good FICO credit score
right and this is the highest this
client has ever got their credit score
and this is after working with CP
Restoration now it doesn't matter if
it's student loans collections
bankruptcies child support repossessions
or any type of derogatory account
inquiries we can get it removed off your
credit report whether it's a negative
account or maybe you have a positive
account that has high utilization we can
get anything removed off your credit
report so if you're interested and you
want to start having good credit and get
funded from the banks I've dropped a
link in the description of the video to
get set up with CP Restoration the
number one credit restoration company in
the United States hands down no
competition we get the best results and
we get the job done quickly so if
anyone's interested I've dropped a link
in the description of the video you can
also call our number to speak with a
representative that's all for today's
video until next time take it easy and
we'll talk to you soon peace i know
we've done a lot of these like virtually
but this is the first sort of inerson
one so I definitely wanted to jump right
in as far as just the overall state of
credit restoration but before we get
into that I want to just dig a little
bit into your experience in the credit
space for those who don't know who you
are and you know how you're able to get
such great results and how you've been
able to build up the number one credit
restoration business in the United
States for the best results hands down
where did this wealth and knowledge come
from i've been doing this for about 
years
and it happened i worked for a company
called Choice Point and I was trying to
get a job there and they had three
different criteria one of them was
background check credit check and the
drug test and I failed two criteria and
one was the credit check and lo and
behold it was the secrets of fixing
credit when they sent me the HR and they
said "Hey you've got to you got to go
back and dispute the items." And they
were a sister company of Acroofax listen
to what they gave in that pamphlet and I
looked up like my gosh this is really
everything I need to make this thing
happen and it was a game changer fast
forward to today it changed tremendously
come back back in the days when I did
credit it just was something verbal now
it's AI it's it's different technology
so it's it's a different it's a
different game piece of I know we've
been working for probably the past 
years or so and even in that time period
I've learned a lot from you
saw some of the differences and when I
was really looking into credit
restoration right so one of the things
that I try to do I went to the internet
and I saw all the information that's out
there and there was a lot about these
templates section and all that and I
literally tried everything right i was
on this journey of wanting to fix my own
credit and nothing happened right and I
was you and I were talking about this
earlier how and I've shared this with
the audience how I went through this
whole journey of trying to figure out
how do I get more access to credit
because I saw how credit basically was a
main contributor to the quality of life
playing whether getting an apartment man
getting jobs i worked in federal
government contracting part of the
security class they pull your credit
report and you have to explain every
late payment collection money that you
go you have to explain that so I saw how
credit was like the main factor when it
comes to quality of life as far as
getting jobs getting housing or even
transportation that's why I wanted to
fix my credit cuz like a lot of other
people out there they have these
mistakes that have lingering effects
absolutely so I went through this
journey trying to fix my credit because
of course my biggest dilemma and we've
shared this how I student loans that
even after I paid them off they had late
payments on it so I work with a handful
of different credit restoration
companies i was going about the whole
DIY process and at the time what was
popular online was dispute templates so
talk about dispute templates how has
that changed over time even in the last
couple of years working with you because
I know it doesn't always work the same
there's artificial intelligence now what
are some of the important considerations
as far as the process of credit
restoration now versus in times past
sure absolutely it's a quick question so
these days it's really important for you
to dispute the item on the customer's
behalf as always the customer that's
very important the bureau want to know
that it's the actual individual
disputing the actual items under a court
not a credit repair agency because if
they see that what happened that they
turned into a third party letter that
you get it turned into frivolous
information frivolous dispute it's
really important to do your best to
create the dispute as if it's a actual
customer disputing item the credit
reporting agencies don't want it to
appear as though it's a third party and
the thing is it's so funny i see online
like a lot of people it'll show like
stacks of letters hundreds of letters
they're going into the mail to send that
out i know years ago we talked about how
once you started to scale that became
somewhat of an issue because you're
sending all the same letters through our
thing post office the templates don't
work the templates no longer work even
logging on to Equifax experience
changing and clicking not mine never
late things like that that stuff doesn't
work it's become very meticulous they
know what's going on they know that
credit repair agencies exist but they're
doing a really good job of bouncing
these things back so that's what puts us
in the camp cuz we really know i would
say these days the game changes every
two or months on how to do disputes it
really does and we what's really
successful our claim the fate is we keep
the our ear to real we have a secret
sauce we have hired a team called
bureaucrat
and we have amazing results because we
just do this day in and day out let's
elaborate on that because I know
sometimes people might send in disputes
and they're wondering like what's going
on how come they haven't seen any
traction with it so even though the
credit reporting agency may have
received the dispute or they received
the paperwork there's just no moving on
it so talk about how there's the
difference with the bureau callers and
fall and how able to resolve that
absolutely so yeah when we send out the
document to these guys the bureaus get
so many disputes and so what we do is we
fortify that by calling the credit
bureau and say "Hey my name is Mike
Jackson finding the actual consumer and
I'm I sent out this document i want to
confirm that these items have been sent
out did you receive it?" And so even
moving forward to even having the right
terminology to get those items out with
the disputes that have been set so it's
just really actually communicating with
having a conversation with them to
actually pull up those documents and
speak to those things one one of the one
of the most important things besides the
accounts that are on the file is the
public record information that's really
number one because those things are
connected to the call credit vendor so
those are things connected to the
accounts and increase that you want to
dispute so we have to make sure those
things are renewal first before anything
else and after that % of the job is
done
yeah that's a good point cuz I always
thought like for example when you get
these templates and you and it says this
account does not belong to me it's not
mine and it comes back verified because
the information that's on the header is
also the information that's on your
credit report such as your address so if
you're disputing a C and it's not mine
but credit headers have your name and
address and that's also on your credit
report and it's on the accounts that
you're disputing and okay there's
multiple identifying marks that connect
that account to you that that's a really
important thing i also wanted to talk
about because one of the things we get
right is why is credit restoration so
expensive at least with our service and
as far like what you were just talking
about the bureau caller if anyone's ever
actually called in and waited to get
connected with a vibe representative
because of the volume of disputes coming
in people calling it's usually all wait
right so you're disputing a particular
item you have Equifax transient and
experian so if the average weight time
is what minutes minutes minutes
sometimes an hour two hours late for one
client and one plan per bureau so you're
doing the same thing for Equifax
exterior transient so they're waiting on
the phone all day long just to dispute
your file and we have probably from to
customers at any given time we
probably have hundreds of people that
sign up because our business is a
referral based business so once you
start seeing results you're introduced
me to your mom your wife your kid your
cousin and so on and so forth so we get
a lot of traffic but it's very
meticulous first of all we have to
create the document to make sure that
the the documentation is accurate the
names are accurately and now with the
bureaus I mean as of this year they
started implementing ports with
TransUnion and Equifax and there's new
SMS technology that requires you to have
access to SMS codes and things like that
to get into the file that makes it
difficult for other credit repair
agencies to do the job so we have to
work on that over working on that
getting SMS text code forms but the
calls are very sophisticated in that
they're very specific in how you do the
disputes for them to be affected
communicating with you the client we
have the customer service team we have
like a shi bureau calls we have
individual that call on behalf of female
customers and male customers and we have
ruply meetings to discuss all the new
internal challenges workarounds and
solutions to being the best in the
nation but it is a very meticulous
sophicic the key process to do the job
but as you see at Pride Plug we we come
out with nothing but results absolutely
week in week out we've been showing this
for years now now another thing I wanted
to ask you about as far as your opinion
now we hear a lot about AI artificial
intelligence right there's a ton of apps
out now that you know are basically
they're able to read in the credit
report identify the derogatory marks and
then create these unique AI scripted
dispute letters given AI do you think
credit restoration is getting easier as
far as getting results or is it getting
more difficult or do you think AI is
going to be a gamecher as far as the
consumer and being able to dispute items
on the credit report or do you think the
credit report and going to constantly
come up ways of making it more
challenging what do you think the role
AI is in credit restoration ai is great
for creating efficiency on the credit
bureau side you're able to use the
technology to read the documents and
move a lot more efficiency efficiency
than to validate disputes and to deem
them frivolous on RSI it's good to make
each document look as though they are
from the actual individual and not make
duplicates cuz templates don't work
anymore but on the human connection is a
critical part speaking to an actual
representative waiting for them that's
really the secret sauce of is speaking
to them knowing what to say to get the
item to be removed from the file what I
see a lot in the comment section right
there might be someone who signed up
later but got resolved quicker talk
about let's say a disputes that are
deemed frivolous or maybe there's a file
that has a lot of derogatory sometimes
you can't dispute everything all at once
talk about sort of the strategy or the
logic behind disputing in batches versus
just disputing everything and how that
affects the results because what I see
sometimes someone who might have a
really dirty file let's say 
derogatory items versus someone who
might have five derogatory items and
they're seeing other people get results
quicker even though they may have
started earlier and they might be
skeptical or a little hesitant talk
about that first why disputes are being
frivolous and they be classified as that
and in addition to that why you can't
dispute all items all in one good
question so when we do disputes it has
to make sense we're trying to paint a
picture and tell a story first thing we
do is look at the public record
information some customers may have 
addresses that has to go first
that are connected to accounts name
variations phone numbers that all of
that has to be removed first before we
even start disputing accounts because
they're all connected so I I would
dispute no more than five to seven items
at a time because what part of the story
that you're telling to the credit
bureaus saying that these items are not
yours so naturally the chance of all the
items not being yours is live in a city
so it's got to make sense and then you
just go with the flow of what the
bureaus are doing depending on how the
disputes are coming off that's how we
make our decision on the next go around
of disputes
so do you think is there a certain
threshold you feel like where okay if
it's x amount of talents you can dispute
them all at once or if you go beyond a
certain number of derogatory accounts
you need to dispute then maybe batch
them or do them in a different moment
time yeah I would definitely batch them
and do it different moments in time
because it's just they like I said it's
just you don't want to seem suspicious
on your disputes it's kind of makes
sense cuz the reality is these items
that are on your file are more than
likely yours these are things that
you've created over time you bought them
and so you know what you're really
having in reality is a second chance so
we don't want to take that for granted
right we don't want to just say "Okay we
can just delete these items and not pay
these bills pay these account."
definitely want to take it take take
accountability and use it as a second
chance for The other thing I wanted to
highlight sometimes it seems like credit
repair credit restoration is like a
revolving door we might come across the
same client maybe every months every
other year even though they're able to
get things off their credit report
they're able to get that fresh start
fresh start building relationship with
banks but it seems like nothing's
changed you're in that predicament again
and obviously it gets harder to dispute
things once you gone through that all
over again multiple times what's your
message to that revolving door type of
credit client right you is always
needing credit restoration multiple
times what's your message to them to get
out of that rib yeah first of all
funding it now becomes a thing that
pretty much all social media speaks
about even find any child about money i
would focus so much on the funding as
much as I'd focus on what to do with the
money there's all different options to
get into real estate get investing you
can get into franchising you need to get
into tour right but come up with a
bonafide strategy first because you got
to pay the keys back you don't want to
get into it with the mindset of going to
burn the bank cuz in reality there's
only so many banks right and now these
banks are merging there's a dish
database bases being created to see your
habits think that you've been doing so
to to determine whether or not they
should continue doing business with you
so it's only a bill so far before you
hit a wall so yeah you can come back to
listen to the continue cleaning your
credit but then you'll only have so many
options to get money the last coin I
would like to talk about right now and
this is something that a lot of clients
find themselves in where we're able to
get things removed off their credit
report but because there's so many
accounts that are removed and they're
left with that then file and are
somewhat disappointed about their
funding prospects are unrealistic as far
as what they can do as far as acquiring
funding after they no longer have
derogatory accounts on their pore what
advice do you have to customers like
that and then the other thing is there's
situations where remove account that
have like high utilization right even it
might be in good standing but it's on
the verge of going into default right
and it's a preemptive thing to get it
removed so it's not affecting your DTI
what should people do in that situation
where okay they had these accounts for
several years in good standing they're
on the verge of default once it's
removed they're going to have to start
all over from scratch what should people
do in in that scenario should they
figure out a way to pay down the debt so
that they keep the history so that once
the other accounts are removed they can
still qualify for funding could they
have primary score should they just get
the account removed they start from
scratch what's your guidance so once you
do several things i.e make any late
payments go over the limits uses all
your relationship with the bank
internally right so you could pretty
much call it quits when you asking for
prenum increases or any types of
concessions it'll be difficult for you
to get it so I would delete the account
in the case where a customer has
multiple negative accounts and he now
has a BIN file where we can anticipate
that he's going to add the BIN file my
suggestion is to start building
primaries and authorize users but you
need to do those simultaneously while
we're viewing those items from your FOB
so a lot of people I noticed let's say
for example they have an account a
credit card account they may have had
some late payments or late marks on
their credit report now the account is
in good standing but it still has the
late marks and they want to keep the
account what should what should someone
do in that situation yeah so you know if
the account of maybe to years from
the date that the person made the late
payment then
there's a certain forgiveness period so
it won't count to get them as much as it
would if it's less than years if it's
less than years we more and they need
funding right away to leave the account
but if it's older than that then you
know they'll be good to go so you think
someone should keep an account with a
late payment if let's say the late
payment was from four years ago correct
disputing the late payment verse
removing the account entirely what are
the scenarios for each of those and as
far as the CP restoration
what as far as like removing late is
that something that is feasible or
something that you would recommend yeah
we've tried to remove late payments in
the past we've been unsuccessful it's a
hit or miss so it's easier for us just
to rehook the entire town and shared
leave like I showed earlier the the
relationship is dissolved with the
credit with the agency once there you
have leave payments I would just I would
remove the account if it's a if it's an
account that's newer and replace it with
a primary or authorize you to trade by
and as far as like removing versus
disputing late payment like if someone's
just adding it like they want to keep
the account I know you mentioned that's
not the strategy as far as like it's
harder to get the late payment with
versus get the account of is there a
difference in the process
yeah there's definitely a difference in
the process we would have to dispute the
item with the actual creditor if it's a
leaned as far as removing the account
itself is directly with the bureau
that's the different Excellent so
basically you're trying to get so
essentially the creditor of the data
furniture has the ultimate call as far
as how the payment is reported whether
it's laid or payment is agreed and
that's something that I guess as a
consumer you have less of impact as far
as determining how that's going to play
out