TRUMPâ€™S NEW LAW Just Crashed Credit Scores for Millions in !
We have breaking news. There are going
to be major changes coming to credit
scores and credit reporting in 
that's going to affect everyone.
On today's video, we're going to cover
three major topics on major changes that
are coming to credit reports and credit
scores that you do not want to miss.
Now, we're going to start at number
three and work our way down to number
one, which you do not miss. But I also
have two bonuses in there because
there's a lot to cover as so many
changes are happening very fast. But
before we get into this video, make sure
that you smash that like and subscribe
button so this video gets out to more
people so everyone can stay informed
about these major changes that are going
to be happening fast. So let's go ahead
and jump right in because we have a lot
of ground to cover today. Now, let's put
number three up on the screen right now.
By now, pay later loans will soon hit
credit scores and experts think Gen Z
could be at risk. I mean, it's not just
Gen Z. It's everybody. It's literally
everywhere you turn. You can buy
something at Walmart and put it on buy
now pay later. You could buy a flight
and do a buy now pay later, which I
recently saw. And you can also buy
concert tickets with it now. I mean,
literally, you could buy food with it.
You can use Door Dash now and different
food apps to order food or your
groceries with buy now pay later apps.
And listen, the first thing people think
is, "Well, it's great. It's going to
help build my credit." Uh, no, not so
fast. So, go and pump your brakes real
quick and let me truly break it down for
you because a lot of people don't
understand how this can truly destroy
your credit score. Now, let's put the
chart up on the screen that says
breaking down your credit score cuz I
really want to break this down so you
can have a real full understanding of
how this truly affects your credit score
because nobody's really explained it to
you. Now, understand, I have credit
cards so you don't have to. Now, this is
not a good thing. This is nothing to
brag about because I don't need all
those credit cards, okay? It's not
necessary, but I get them to test them
to see exactly how the banks are, how
they react, how they give you credit
limit increases, so I can come back and
give you the information. And I'm over
an credit score. We could put my
score up on the screen right here so you
can see that. That's how I know what I'm
doing. I know how to manage my entire
credit profile. But one thing that
nobody talks about, everyone wants you
to get a credit card. They want you to
get this new line of credit. They want
you to do this. But understanding
something, every time you add a new line
of credit to your credit profile, it
lowers your average age of credit. Let's
target this section here. Credit age is
points and it only makes up % of
your credit score. But here's the big
butt. The more you add to it, the more
it hurts your credit score. And you need
the account to have length open. That
means the account has to stay open for a
significant amount of time for you to
actually pull age of credit out of it
and payment history as it's shown on the
chart. Payment history is one of the
most valuable things because it's % of
your credit score. So, the more payments
you have and the longer the account is
open, the more positive impact it has on
your credit profile. I know that's a
lot, but I just I just had to tell you
that. Here's the problem with buy now
pay laterers. They only usually run 
months or months. There's some of
them that run all the way up to and
months. Now, those are decent. The
ones that go all the way to months,
not so bad. Because remember what I just
said here. You want the positive payment
history to build up your credit profile
and stay open as long as possible.
That's why an old credit card that's
been open for years is very valuable
because it's building up all of that
positive payment history and it's
keeping your age of credit long. But say
for instance, you go and you get a buy
now pay later for a plane ticket, then
one for some groceries, then another one
for some clothes, and then another one
for something else. You see what I'm
saying here? Like you just added all
these small different lines of credit to
your credit profile, lowering your
average age of credit. You want your
average age of credit to grow past 
years. If it keeps staying below one
year, because every time you add it, it
reduces it. Every time you reduce your
average age of credit, you are deemed a
high risk borrower, which means you're
going to have a lower credit score, and
we don't want that. So, I want everyone
to understand these are very
detrimental. They can really hurt your
credit, and you need to buckle down
because now they're going to start
showing on your credit reports starting
in the fall of This article really
broke it down and told us exactly what's
going to happen and how they really
don't know what they're talking about.
Because even reading the article really
pissed me off that somebody wrote this
article and has no clue what they're
talking about with credit. Like, oh,
it's going to be beneficial for your
credit. No, it's not. Stop talking about
things you don't understand and
miseducating people out there about this
because, of course, it's most likely
someone that is being paid by the
lenders to make you think this is
beneficial to your credit profile, and
it's not. Always remember, your accounts
need to age. The longer they stay open,
the better. Because when you open up a
buy now pay later, if it only stays open
months or months and then it
closes, it has a negative impact on your
credit profile. So, the moral of the
story with buy now pay laters is stay
away from them because they're going to
start destroying credit profiles.
They're going to do more harm than help.
Now, moving on to bonus one of the two
bonuses we're going to talk about on
today's video. Crypto is pushing into
the finance/credit
sector. you are going to have the
ability to use your crypto as an asset
to purchase a home moving forward. Now,
let's put the article up on the screen
so we can read this sector. At the end
of June, the US Federal Housing Finance
Agency issued a new directive
instructing both Fanny May and Freddy
Mack to count Bitcoin as an asset on
single family home mortgage
applications. Now, previously, mortgage
applicants had to convert any Bitcoin
holdings into US dollars if they wanted
their crypto to count. Now, it doesn't
just stop there because crypto has
already pushed into the credit card
world with the Gemini card. Now, this
isn't a plug for them. The Gemini card,
I already have this. Instead of getting
points and miles, you get crypto. Now,
American Express is also doing a
co-branded card with Coinbase that is
set to release in the fall. And we'll
cover that more, but this is a huge,
huge sign that America is truly trying
to turn into the crypto capital of the
world. Now, moving on to number two,
which is one of the biggest one of all,
and I've been a huge proponent of this
for years. Now, today on July th, when
I actually shot this video, is when PT
made this massive announcement on his
Twitter account/x, whatever you want to
call, people are actually still on this.
Like, why are they making announcements
on here? Like, why don't you do a real
press release with a lot of real
information? Because they're just
disseminating it and they're actually
coming up with ideas as they're moving
along, which is just wild. But this is
still a huge deal. Don't let me take
away from that. So, PT, who is PT? Pt is
the actual director of the US Federal
Housing Finance Agency. He announced,
"My order, thanks to my boss, POTUS,
will allow for Americans to use their
rent to qualify for a mortgage. Credit
history will no longer just include
credit cards and loans. This is huge."
Which he's right, it is huge. This
should have been happening decades ago.
As much as you pay in rent, that should
go towards you trying to qualify to
purchase a home. If you've been able to
maintain those rental payments on time,
why would you not be able to qualify for
a home? But here's the part that I don't
understand is how they're going to
integrate this because this is a huge
massive story. Americans can now use
rent payments to qualify for a mortgage,
the FHFA says. So they have to include
this in Vantage scoring and in FICO
scoring. Now FICO is privately owned and
so is Vantage. So they're going to have
to kind of muscle their way into that to
force them to do that. So then when they
pull your credit report for mortgage
lending, they can actually see it on
your credit reports. Because previously
there was no actual listing on a credit
report for how it reports. It shows up
as an actual miscellaneous on your
credit reports, which is not normal. It
should just come up as some type of
lending product. But again, rent isn't a
lending product. So, as more moves on
about this, I will continue to cover
this story and bring you more
information to give you more details on
how this is going to break down so we
can see how people will truly qualify
with their rent reporting, helping them
get access to buying their own home. I
want to give a special shout out to all
my beasters out there that are working
hard to fix their credit using dispute
beast, the most advanced AI credit
repair software ever created that comes
with a % money back guarantee. But
specifically to Kennet, Kennet's credit
score went up points after just one
round with Dispute Beast. And Arthur,
Arthur's credit score went up points
after just two rounds with Dispute
Beast. But let's not forget Destiny.
Destiny's credit score went up 
points after just one round with Dispute
Beast. Dispute Beast link is going to be
in the video description and pinned at
the top of the comments for anyone that
needs to fix their credit. Now, moving
on to bonus number one. Let's put it up
on the screen. The Trump administration
silently employs Palunteer to gather
personal data of each American. Yes, you
heard that right. You're like, "But what
do they need all that information for?"
To build a social credit score. Think of
it like this. Everything you do and say
and how you react on social media is
being tracked and stored into a
database. So, if you talk crazy on
social media, it could affect your
actual career or trying to get another
job, which is already currently being
used, but a lot of people don't talk
about it. You could be potentially
flagged as a high-risk borrower to
lenders based on your social media
activity. But it doesn't just stop there
because I mean, everyone's like, "Well,
maybe I'm not on social media. I don't
care." Also, think about this. They can
get access to your bank accounts and see
what you're spending money on. And if
they choose to, they can cut you off
whenever they want. You know, there was
this big hoopla about Doge getting
access to social security information,
to Medicare information. Why do they
want all this information? So they can
put it into one massive database and
track everything you're doing. Literally
giving the government massive databases,
including bank details, student debt,
medical claims, medical debt, disability
status. They could literally see
everything that's going on in your life
and stop you at any point in time they
want. or just create that social credit
score to give it to other lenders, other
institutions, other career
opportunities, and just stop you dead in
your tracks. A social credit score is
definitely on the way. And like I just
said, employers are already using this
to track future possible employees to
see what their activity is, what they're
actually watching on social media, what
they're commenting on, how they're
reacting to other people. Employers want
to see this. This is valuable data to
see if you're going to be a reliable
employee and better yet a better
candidate to get potential lending
options.
Last part's the most important. Now,
moving on to the biggest story of all.
Let's put it up on the screen here.
Number one, the CFPB reverses position
on removing medical debt from credit
reports. Yeah, we talked about this
moving it into like January and then
February and then March as a new rule
came into play that would remove all
medical debt from credit reports
permanently and then this happened. Now,
let's scroll down to the middle of this
story where it says, "In a motion filed
at the end of last month, the CFPB
joined the Consumer Data Industry
Association and the Cornerstone Credit
Union League to request a judgment
holding unlawful and vacating the
medical debt rule because it exceeds the
bureau's statutory authority." Now,
you're probably asking yourself, who's
the Consumer Data Industry Association,
right? So, now let's put it up on the
screen so you can see exactly who the
Consumer Data Industry Association is.
We're going to scroll down a little bit.
that you're going to see right here. The
Consumer Data Industry Association is
the voice of the consumer reporting
industry, representing consumer
reporting agencies, including the
nationwide credit bureaus, regional and
specialized credit bureaus, background
check companies, and others. Basically,
it's made up of all of the actual CEOs
of all of these credit reporting
agencies. They are in the best interest
of the CDIA. Now, the CDIA made what's
called Metrocompliance reporting. The
entire way that every single lender is
supposed to actually report everything
on your credit report is structured in
Metro And the CDIA actually helped
create it with the help of other
lenders. They all work together to
manipulate the entire system in their
benefit. So, it's in the best of their
interest to help push this lawsuit
forward with that credit union
association also to try to get all of
this medical debt back on credit reports
to continue to allow Americans to drown
in debt so they can drop your credit
scores. So, all of these lending
institutions can benefit more because
then you're a subprime borrower. Once
you're a subprime borrower, then guess
what? They can charge you higher
interest rates. Now, I'm going to put
the link in the video description for
the litigation tracker so everyone can
see exactly what's going on with this
case. As of right now, it is still
waiting on a decision from the judge in
the district court of Texas Eastern. So,
this is a long process. I'm guessing
that by the end of this month of July or
towards the middle of July is when we
are going to get a decision on what is
going to happen. And I'll be honest with
you, this has never ended well for any
situations for consumers of any cases
that will help consumers in the Texas
court systems because the Texas court
systems were the ones that actually
blocked the Biden rule to stop late fees
and junk fees on credit cards. That's
where the whole thing went arry and the
Texas judges went against the Biden
administration and basically shut it
down. So now you still have late fees
and junk fees on credit cards. Now what
does this mean for people's credit
reports that have medical debts? It
means that there's a huge chance, more
than % chance that all that medical
debt is going to come back on people's
credit reports and just destroy
Americans credit scores with medical
debt that was previously removed. Now
it's going to come back and hurt you
again. Now, if you are someone that had
medical debt removed from your credit
reports because of the new rule going
into play, but then all of a sudden it
pop back on your credit reports, let us
know in the comments because we want to
keep everyone aware of these massive
changes and who has actually been
affected because we have seen medical
debt pop back up on people's credit
reports that was once previously deleted
by the credit reporting agencies. So,
it's not a good sign. And the biggest
thing to understand is don't panic. You
can fix the situation. You can dispute
the hell out of it because it has to be
accurate, complete, and fair. Now, a lot
of people say, "Well, what do I do when
the letter comes back and they say it's
been verified?" Verified means nothing.
Understand that is an automated response
to keep you down and be like, "Oh my
god, I'm done. I have nothing else to
do." No, you can dispute it again. You
can dispute it as many times as you
want. Now, generally speaking, it takes
four to six rounds to get something off
the credit report. That's just the
warm-up phase. Some people can get it
off between one to four rounds, but
everyone's going to vary depending on
the item and how it's reporting. And
people always ask me the question, but
what if it's reporting properly? I'm
going to tell you right now, there's not
one single account on your credit report
that's reporting % properly. Because
none of these companies abide by the
Metro compliance reporting standard.
Because what you see on a credit report
is completely different from what I see
on a credit report when I'm looking at
Metro compliance reporting. There's
missing data entries. There's missing
dates. There's all kinds of missing data
inside of your actual credit reporting
system that they don't want to admit to.
but we expose it using Metro 
compliance reporting. That's how we
destroy these items and get them off of
credit reports. It is % possible. I'm
telling you, I've been doing it for over
years now. So, hope you enjoyed this
video. We covered another big one on the
massive changes that are coming to
credit reports and credit scores in 
so you always stay ready.