ucc-the secret law that lets you fight back against debt collectors
what if I told you that many of your
debts are backed by hidden security
interests and you have the legal right
to challenge them using UC
now in this video I'm going to show you
how the UCC article gives you the
power to question who really holds the
lean on your life and how to use filings
notices and challenges to expose the
truth i've studied the UCC i've studied
secure transactions and private remedy
strategies and I'm here to help you take
back control of your contracts and your
credit now before we dive into this
video remember to hit the like button
remember to hit the subscribe button if
you hit the like button and the
subscribe button you'll be able to fully
tap in on a consistent basis because I
do post Monday through Friday so you
want to make sure to do that so you do
not miss a beat number two the reason
why I want you to shoot that like button
is so that we can be at the top of the
algorithm and people can see this type
of information now when you do that that
just pushes me to create more content
all the love that y'all been giving on
the last few videos is the reason why
I'm still making videos to this day okay
and one more thing man this is not legal
advice this is not financial advice make
sure to do your due diligence all my
rights are reserved okay i do not take
any liability for you employing these
strategies if you don't fully understand
it and you don't get results okay do
your due diligence make sure to fully
understand it before you take action you
dig what I'm saying now what we're going
to be talking about we're going to be
talking about article UCC we're going
to talk about how this applies to you
we're going to talk about how to
challenge a security interest the power
of a UCCCfiling and we're going to
talk about the different strategic moves
and red flags to look out for when using
Article okay so make sure you stay all
the way to the end so that you can get
all of this information that I'm about
to give you now let's dive straight in
first things first uh I want to talk
about the article you dig what I'm
saying if you come to UC article okay
this is particularly for um secured
transactions okay it governs those
secure transactions so when we're
talking about any any type of loan that
is connected to a auto loan mortgage
right anytime real or personal property
is used as collateral okay this
regulates security agreements financing
statements leans and the priority of
claims and also anytime a loan is
secured that's when the UCCCis applied
so if you get a secure loan right if you
get secured auto loan anything that is
connected to real property or whatever
the case may be this is when UCCC
essentially applies now when someone
claims the security interest in your
property even your name the UCCCis the
playbook so you want to get very
comfortable with the UCCCokay first
section is going to talk about the
general concepts um definitions the
second section is going to talk about
the applicability of the article nine
the second section is going to talk
about effectiveness of security
agreements attachments of security
interests rights of parties to security
agreements it's going to break down the
understanding of security agreements and
security interests who has it when it
applies
um it's also going to have the law
governing perfection and priority which
is super important when you think of
perfection and priority you think about
it on the aspect of uh uh uh uh for
perfection perfection refers to the
process of completing all necessary
steps to make a security interest fully
enforceable against third parties and
then priority on the other hand
determines in the order in which
multiple creditors with security
interest in the same collateral will be
paid on a debt or its default okay so
when you look at um article it's going
to break down um you know even even the
perfection and priority of things okay
who's who actually should have security
interest who gets paid out if it is done
correctly okay dives even deeper right
to the bank right to the third party
filing any information on filing right
in event of a default and enforcement of
security interest right so you're going
to get a lot of valuable information
just specifically talking about secured
transactions
and I bring this up so that and I show
you the whole subsection because when
we're talking about security interest
when we're talking about securities when
we're talking about uh secured
transactions I think that the UCCCis
the birthplace for understanding how to
navigate and maneuver it now that's only
one piece of the puzzle okay but the
reason why I'm going over it today is
because I think that it's a strong piece
of the puzzle especially when it comes
to um you know transactions that have
collateral attached to it all right so I
want to talk about when this is going to
apply to you okay most debts such as
auto loans mortgages or even some credit
cards are secured without full
disclosure now under article full
disclosure is required okay number two
you may have unknowingly signed away
rights via a security agreement so they
give you what's called a security
agreement a security agreement is a
legal contract that grants a lender a
security interest in a borrower's asset
collateral to secure repayment of a loan
or other obligations in essence it
protects the lender by allowing them to
seize and potentially sell the
collateral if the borrower defaults on a
loan okay now I want to particularly
talk about the security agreement and
when it becomes void okay a security
agreement becomes void or ineffective in
certain circumstances mainly under the
uniform commercial code in the US so
when we dive into
um the different things that determine
whether a security you know one has
security interest on a particular
property or particular collateral so
here are the things that essentially
will determine whether or not uh uh uh
uh one or bank has true security
interest because this security interest
or that word in particular is the reason
why they're able to do things like take
your loan i mean they're able to do
things like repossess your vehicle or
take your property or foreclose or
whatever the case may be but when you
come from the aspect of understanding
what gives one security interest you can
start to use that against them so the
first things first that it talks about
is satisfaction of an obligation a
security agreement remains in effect
until the secured debt or other
obligation is satisfied at this point
the security interest typically expires
so when we go to the aspect of the
obligation being satisfied what if what
if the obligation is satisfied from the
very beginning they sold it to Wall
Street and they immediately lost
security interest that's one number two
when a debtor fulfills all obligations
secured by collateral and pays the
associated expenses fees and they may be
able to still redeem the collateral the
secure party is required un to file a
UCCC termination statement and send one
to the depth door within days after
receiving a authenticated demand from
the depth door when the debt is
satisfied and no commitment to advanced
value exists i think that's interesting
okay the secure party must file a UCCC
termination statement or send one to the
depth door within days after
receiving an authenticated demand from
the depth door that's interesting okay
number two if there's mistakes that you
could lose your security interest by uh
mistakes in the depth door's name in a
security agreement can invalidate it or
an inadequate description of the
collateral in the security agreement can
also render it valid number three
deptor's lack of rights in collateral a
security interest attaches to collateral
and becomes enforceable against the
debtor only when certain conditions are
met including when value has been given
which is super important because
according to contract law one of the
things that we should uh understand is
that there should be true lawful
consideration meaning that there should
be a true value exchange if there's no
value exchanged then they're then
whoever is saying that you're obligated
to owe them they really lack standing
okay so um the depthor has rights and
collateral or the power to transfer them
okay if value has been given but if
you're the one that's given value then
you're the one that kind of has the true
control it also says that if a security
interest never attaches to collateral
and if there's no written security
agreement or the secure party doesn't
possess the collateral the creditor is
unsecured if there's any type of fraud
or misrepresentation I think that's
self-explanatory
if a security agreement is entered based
on fraud or misrepresentation by one
party it can be considered void and
lacks legal enforcability termination
events as defined in this agreement okay
the agreement has termination events in
there you can go check that sale of
collateral in some cases a purchaser or
transfer of collateral may take
possession of it free of security
interest in the case the secure party
only right would be in the proceeds from
the sale so even when you're looking at
them repossessing your vehicle then
selling your vehicle you're the only
secure party because you're the one that
has you're the only one that brought
value to that very agreement to start
off with and then we talk about an
aspect of a recision security interest
given rise to the right recision becomes
void when the consumer exercises that
right it's very interesting it says that
your security interest you lose security
interest when the consumer exercises
their right of recision the security
interest is automatically negated
regardless of whether it was recorded or
perfected so when you do the right and
recision they can't just repossess your
vehicle just because you did it okay it
even dives deeper i suggest you look
this up gather as much information as
you can but here's the thing okay this
can apply to you because obviously you
may have unknowingly signed away your
rights using the security agreement that
can easily be challenged based off of
those factors I just mentioned so make
sure that you are willing to challenge
them on these things make sure you're
willing to ask them the right questions
then we dive into entities that may file
a UCCClane against you or your trust
okay and obviously it just wouldn't make
sense you just file a UCCc
which is more of an amended defiling and
essentially put yourself in a position
to where uh now you are the one in
control of or have ownership over
whatever it is that they say that they
now own you have to have security
interest now if there's a lean there
must be a contract and you have a right
to demand proof of that contract being
bought no uh being perfected right uh uh
uh you have a right to demand proof
under UCCC -
you know uh anything under article you
have so many rights as it pertains to a
secured transaction okay now next
question is how to challenge a security
interest number one the first thing you
want to do is you want to request the
original security agreement a
authenticated copy now I want to pull
this up too Okay so I want to pull up
what a authenticated copy of something
is okay just for the record and
particularly talking about a security
agreement now this is important because
when I'm asking for a copy I'm not
asking for a photo copy i'm not just
asking for a copy i'm asking for one
that has been authenticated to be true
and real okay so an authenticated copy
of a sec of a security agreement is a
duplicate of the original security that
has been certified as genuine and valid
okay in simpler terms the security
agreement is a contract between a lender
and a borrower where the borrower grants
the lender a security interest in
certain property to secure a loan or
other obligation now an authenticated
copy means that a process has been
performed to verify that the copy is
true accurate and is a true and accurate
duplicate of the original agreement this
process reduces the risk of fraud and
ensures the documents's validity dig
what I'm saying so why is a
authenticated copy important legal
recognition it provides proof that a
valid security agreement exists and can
be legally recognized in various
proceedings is often required when
seeking to enforce the security
agreement particularly in different
jurisdiction and protects against fraud
okay it helps prevent the use of forged
or altered documents okay it says how is
a security agreement authenticated under
the UCCC which the govern which governs
secure transactions as a security
agreement is considered authenticated
when the depth door signed it which can
include electronic signatures
authentication can also involve having
the agreement certified by a notary
public or another authorized individual
so it's crucial that you get a certified
or authenticated copy of whatever it is
that you're asking for this goes for
authenticated copy of the original
promisary note this goes in in in this
goes handinhand with the security
agreement when you're looking for
something to be authenticated just know
that it was either signed by an
authorized individual that can certify
it or a notary
okay see if we can find any images on it
okay I'm not really seeing anything in
particular that will give you Okay we'll
just move on so you want to get that
authenticated copy that's super
important number two you want to demand
lawful accounting per article -
under the UCCC um I'll pull it up real
quick for the record to show that you
can request for all accounting request
the list of collateral and statement of
the account okay
so you have a right to ask for
authenticating records
from a creditor as the depth door okay
statement of account regarding list of
collateral so again these are the things
that you can ask for under article 
which is why it's important when you are
trying to start when you're starting to
challenge a secured transaction all the
loans mortgages etc some credit cards
then this is exactly where you want to
come in terms of the playbook okay then
we dive into filing a UCCCto terminate
to terminate fraudulent leans or expired
leans so if you get a lean and it is
from a party that doesn't that is not a
secure party you can file a UCCC to
pretty much get it amended make you the
secure party then you can also use
conditional acceptance proving which
demands proof of valid security interest
okay so these are the things that you
can ask for and then when you dive into
you having a right to challenge someone
who doesn't have security interest you
having a right to challenge someone who
lacks standing right this is where you
know you are now shifting the burden
proof on to them for them to prove that
they have that actual standing which
they don't another key law to really
look at is E-which is attachment
and enforcability of security interest
proceeds supporting obligations and
formal requisites which is important
because it says a security interest is
only enforceable if there was value
given we just talked about this the
depthor has rights in the collateral and
a valid security agreement exists okay
so there's there's a couple of factors
that must be put in place in order for
one to claim your property or claim they
have security interest or even enforce
it right if you're the one that signed
the agreement and given the full and
you're the one that has given the full
value right you're the only one that
truly has rights in the collateral okay
you're the ones who truly is the one
that that that that controls the
security interest okay and also that
security agreement if they did the
security agreement fraudulently or
misled you to signing away your rights
as the depth door or as the person that
gave the value then security interest is
not enforceable okay so the thing is is
if there's no agreement there's no
enforcement under UCCC UCC-
it is more about consent and proof not
assumption so if they can prove it prove
that you have given consent and it's a
valid uh uh authenticated copy of the
security agreement and that security
agreement uh uh uh is not fraudulent in
any type of way then they can do that
but we all know that there are some
fraudulent activities that they do okay
now I want to talk about the power of
the UCCCfiling okay because we talked
about this on this page a while back and
I kind of want to bring a little bit
more clarity around the UCCCjust real
quick just real quick I'm not trying to
make this whole video about the UCCC
and if you gotten all the way this far
go ahead and hit the like button go
ahead and hit the subscribe button tap
in with your boy man because we are
going to stay consistent
now this is the UCCCif you haven't
seen it already so you can file your own
UCCcto claim security and superior
interest okay you can use it to
establish your claim over your legal
name or trust property or whatever the
secure property is and you can control
the nar narrative and hierarchy of
claims okay so essentially they'll file
the UCCC statements on you but now you
can actually file it back and say "No
I'm the secure party." All right so this
is pretty self-explanatory you fill in
your information okay and your address
then you put in put in the depth door
whether it's your all caps name whatever
the case may be you can put two depth
doors if you want and then you put the
secure party you are the secured party
okay you'll put the collateral if it's
your name if it's a trust if it's you
know what I mean like a car whatever the
case may be right you check to put if
it's being held in a trust or if it's
being administered by a descendants's
personal rent uh representative
um it says check only if applicable
check only one box public finance
manufacturer home depth door
transmitting utility right agricultural
lean nonUCC filing whatever the case may
be i mean you only check the ones if
applicable so this technically doesn't
have to be checked if you fill out this
information here send it in this is now
going to uh uh put public notice that
whatever it is that you put in that
collateral box is yours and you're the
secure party behind it when you start to
do this this actually revokes anybody
who is claiming that they are that okay
so that's what the UCCCis for it puts
you in a different position from being a
depth door and now you're being looked
at as the secure party okay now I want
to talk a little bit about cuz we are
getting close to the end i want to talk
about some red flags and some strategic
moves to make when you are using the
article and challenging secure
transactions or even the security
interest number one you want to watch
out for those hidden leans and public
records okay check your public records
to make sure that there's no no
judgments or anything on you in
particular okay number two you want to
use the Freedom of Information Act or
the Secretary of State searches to
uncover the filing so you can actually
ask the the the creditor directly for
this information if they don't give it
to you then they'll be violating the
Freedom of Information Act if they don't
give it to you then they'll be violating
UCCC Article if they don't give it to
you then they'll be violating the Fair
Debt Collection Practices Act if they
don't give it to you they'll be
violating the Truth Lending Act there's
so many ways that they're going to
violate your rights if they don't just
give you simple information that they
should and have a duty to give to you
okay number three learn to spot
defective security interest and expired
filings so when you start to ask for
that authenticated security agreement
then and they don't give it to you or
they're not even giving you the proof
that they have true security interest
then you have to be willing to to to
expose them for that okay because if
there's a lean it has a paper trail and
you should be able to find it be willing
to follow it question it and challenge
it if it is not if they are not
providing the information they need to
provide see this game um is really an
information game okay like if you can
prove that I owe you or you can prove
that you are the true holder in due
course or that you have security
interest then absolutely I'll adhere to
whatever it is that you have for me but
if you can't I don't have to listen to
you at all and it's this is what
shifting the burden of proof is okay
people think that when you discharge
debt you fill out a couple forms and
boom it's just going to miraculously
work but if you have an understanding
that they are not going to comply given
the fact that if they comply then
they'll be revealing some crazy things
about the matrix they'll be revealing
that they have been taking advantage of
you this entire time why would they want
to do that i don't think they would it
would take money out of their pockets
okay so they'll use secure transactions
to control assets including you but the
UCCCgives you the tools to question
challenge and reclaim what's yours
that's what I want you to use the UCCC
for get a full understanding of the
UCCCso you can start to challenge all
loans so you can start to challenge
mortgages and not just from a
perspective of you know the truth to
lending act and you know uh section 
and you know all the the basic level of
law that federal law that that you will
learn out there on top of that get
comfortable with reading the UCCC and
read those specific parts that have to
do with whatever your situation is if
you're dealing with a secure transaction
boom you come to article you dig what
I'm saying article secure transactions
right
investment securities article article
documents of title article six bulk
transfers and bulk sales article five
letters of credit article four funds
transfer article four uh bank deposits
and collections right article three
negotiable instrument right article two
if you got leases article two if it's
sales article two right a I'm sorry and
then two and then if you want to just
learn just overall about the UCCC
article one like this is s such a great
learning tool because when you know this
right here when you have full
understanding of this right here it
makes discharging debt it makes
communicating with debt collectors that
much easier and that much sweeter so
make sure you do your due diligence even
after this video okay if you want to
learn more directly from me grab
complete that guide down below it is a
really good price and you become an
affiliate and get % commission on
anybody that purchases through you okay
i will have things like templates and
I'll have things like conditional
acceptance letters about securitization
declaration uh uh templates about your
trust all of these are used for learning
purposes only okay i wouldn't recommend
copy and pasting whatever it is that you
see there i recommend reading it as an
educational tool so that you can create
your own number two tap into my
one-on-one mentorship i help people fix
their credit i help people get funding
and I help people build a credit repair
business all right if you're looking to
discharge your debt and it has nothing
to do with your credit you just want to
discharge your debt cuz you're done
paying i would recommend you tap into
the complete debt guy but if you have a
goal and you actually want to learn how
to do this while fixing your credit then
that is something that I can help you
with okay not for the people that just
want to get debt discharge services okay
number three tap in with me on Instagram
at biz.nick and tap in with me on Twitch
at biz_nick okay this is probably one of
the platforms that I will be on for the
most part when I'm not posting on
YouTube tap into those okay my last
question is have you ever checked for
leans under your name or trust let me
know below remember to like subscribe
hit the post notification button cuz I
do post Monday through Friday remember
the remedy is in the records and now you
know exactly where to look