Ways to Successfully Remove Charge-Offs from Credit Reports!
charge offs are one of
the most unpredictable and damaging
items that appear on a credit report so
today I'm going to share three fast
removal methods and give you the best
tools to get the job done so you better
stick around
my name is Daniel Rosen and welcome to
credit repair business secrets
The Impact of Charge-Offs
charge-offs are one of the most
unpredictable and harmful items that
appear on a credit report they damage
your relationship with lenders they make
it difficult to get approved for lines
of credit and the impact of a charge off
depends entirely on your overall credit
history your payment history and
additional personal factors so there
isn't just one foolproof process to
remove them but there are three methods
that do work consistently and all they
require are patience persistence
pressure and the right dispute letters
to get the job done here's how this
relates to us for anyone new to credit
repair a charge off is a financial term
used to describe a debt that A lender
has given up trying to collect
charge-offs typically happen when a
borrower fails to make payments for an
extended period of time between and
days but charge offs also happen
even if payments were being made for
example if the payment women just didn't
meet the monthly minimum and the account
became delinquent or if the borrower
files for bankruptcy charge-offs are
long-term problems they live on credit
reports for seven years from the date of
the first missed or late payment on the
account their impact varies wildly
depending on the circumstance but just
one charge off can drop a score anywhere
from to points making them one of
the most unpredictable and dangerous
items in all of credit repair
considering the charge-offs give your
payment history a black eye hurt your
credit utilization and force you to deal
with debt collectors credit Heroes need
to treat their removal as one of the
most important things to focus on here's
How Charge-Offs Work
the thing to remember when a charge off
happens the lender writes off the debt
as a loss on their financial statements
sometimes they attempt to collect the
debt themselves but usually they sell it
to third-party debt collectors for
pennies on the dollar or or they lease
that debt to a debt collection firm but
no matter who owns the debt you still
have the obligation to repay even if the
original creditor is no longer involved
you owe whoever required that debt even
if you remove it from your planner
report so it's important to remember
that technically you still owe that debt
and they can sue you for it now if you
pay off the debt tied to the account
before the seven year clock is up it's
going to show as a paid charge off on
your credit report paying off the
account might help to improve your
scores or it might make lenders more
likely to approve you for credit in the
future but that's not guaranteed from a
credit scoring perspective what matters
most is how recently the charge off
happens and if it was recent removing
that charge off from your credit report
is a high priority no matter what the
repayment status is here's why this is
important your creditor is paying taxes
on the debt that you owe your debt is an
asset to their company so when you don't
pay they lose money and when they're
forced to hang on the debt they lose
even more money this is why in many
cases creditors are willing to negotiate
a settlement on a Charged off debt
because it's in their best interest to
receive some payment rather than none at
all here's what you need to know it's
best to avoid charge-offs whenever
possible but if you're stuck with them
here are three removal methods that work
and all it takes is patience persistence
and pressure and the right dispute
letters to get the job done the first
Charge-Off Removal Method 
method sends standard dispute letters
directly to the credit bureaus
requesting verification of the debt and
the removal of any unverified items or
factual errors from the credit report we
call these first letters round one
regardless of the type of account the
bureaus are required to contact that
furniture that reported your information
and verify the debt after contacting the
furnishers they only have days to
respond if they don't respond in time
the items you disputed are deleted
automatically but Boom the second method
Charge-Off Removal Method 
challenge the charge off with the
original creditor using section of
the fair and accurate credit transaction
act or send a validation letter to the
debt collector directly requesting that
they prove that the debt is accurate if
the bureaus or debt collectors do not
respond appropriately or if they respond
with a stall letter you may need to
request a reinvestigation demand to know
their method of verification or send
them a warning letter if necessary if
you don't have the round one validation
reinvestigation method of verification
and warning letters that I'm talking
about you can download them all for free
at creditrepaircloud.com
dispute Dash letter Dash templates I'll
also put the link over there in the show
notes now this process yes it does take
time but if you've done all this and you
still don't have the result that you
want you may want to file a complaint
with the cfpb the FTC or your state
attorney general or consider bringing in
an fcra attorney to advise you further
Charge-Off Removal Method 
now if the debt is verified and
validated you're really left with only
one option the third method offer the
lender or debt collector a pay per
delete negotiate have the charge off
removed from your credit report in
exchange for paying off the debt you can
try to offer partial settlement in
return for the deletion of the account
but most debt collectors will want the
full payment this method tends to be
successful because it's a win-win
situation for you and the Creditor your
debt is paid and the charge off is
deleted just make sure you get proof for
the agreement in writing before moving
My Final Point
forward here's my final Point
charge-offs are unpredictable damaging
and a pain to remove from credit reports
but don't let that describe towards you
patience persistence pressure and the
right dispute letters will get the job
How can you get the bank's money with an paydex score
so you have an 
pay to score on your business now what
how do you get the bank's money how do
you get these unsecured business credit
cards how you get these business lines
of credit how do you go to different
financial institutions and get funding
well let's unpack that but before we do
make sure you subscribe to my YouTube
channel called London Business usual I'm
your host make sure you hit that
notification Bell make sure you like if
you like the content that I'm about to
provide for you today it really helps
the channel out I appreciate you all
right so let's get into it you build up
your business pay that score right you
got an pay that score but first let's
break down what is a Payday score well a
Payday score is connected to your dun
and Brad which is a major business
credit bill because remember you have
three major business credit bureaus
there's more out there but let's just
talk about the three for today video you
have your Experian business Equifax
business and you're done and Brad AKA
your payday score now your payday scores
tells vendors tell suppliers do you pay
your bills on time over a period of time
so if you do based on your payday score
number it allows them to extend business
lines of credit to you when I mean they
I'm referring to other companies so
remember
pay that score is connected to your is
part of your business credit so business
credit business funding and bank credit
these are three different concepts so
when you're building up your payday
score You're Building business credit
right so business credit is when you I
said this on my previous videos but I'm
just going to recap you have to go back
to my previous video to watch as far as
me giving a breakdown with his business
credit but I'll give you a quick
synopsis business credit is when you
leverage your business by yourself
using your eia number by yourself you're
going to go to other companies and
you're going to open up lines of credit
with those companies
so it's based on the structure of your
business remember that's the first step
you have to properly structure your
business you have to build a fundable
foundation get the LLC get an EIN
getting it done to Brad uh getting a
virtual office Etc
so that's the first step properly
structuring your business of
businesses get denied on business credit
applications because the unverified
information and also misinterpret
information
lenders can't find you if they do find
you the information is off so now your
business is deemed as being fraudulent
and we don't want that so properly
structure your business number two
you're gonna also you gotta make sure
that you properly build up a business
credit profile build up your business
credit score by adding business credit
trade lines
now depending on what trade lines you
add that's going to determine whether or
not you're going to get any loan from
these financial institutions so if we go
and get vendors trade line and supplier
trade lines on our business credit
profile
meaning we'll focused on our done and
Brad
AKA I pay that score
then it's going to be almost impossible
to go to these Banks and go to these
Finance institutions to get along that's
one of the biggest misconceptions out
there one of the biggest credit myths
out there hey build up your pay that
score and then go to these Banks and get
these loans that's not going to happen
because I'm going to tell you right now
what
most people will not tell you when it
comes to business building business
credit
these lenders these creditors these
financial institutions out there they do
not care about your payday score
I'm going to repeat that lenders do not
care about your payday score why because
your payday score is connected to vendor
trade Line supply your trade lines
lenders focus on financial trade lines
so when I tell you to build business
credit I want to tell you to build
business credit with financial trade
lines as lenders actually care about
such as one is like secure business
credit cards those are Financial trade
lines so we have to focus on the proper
trade lines to build a a strong business
credit profile so if you're going
through the tier system tier one tier
two tier three tier four where you're
getting the the quill the Granger the
Uline you're getting a the crown office
supplies the Staples you got a Home
Depot the Dell you only focus on vendors
and supplier trade lines
it's almost impossible for you to go to
the banks and get loans and get business
lines of credit
because your credit profile is not
strong enough or you don't have the data
points on your business credit profile
that these lenders and these financial
institutions determine whether or not
your business is credible your business
is lendable right the data doesn't
provide that information so this is why
you're getting turned down for any type
of business credit because you're not
building the proper data points you're
focused too much on your dun and Brad
and lenders do not care about your done
and Brad
yeah I know I got to be the bad guy to
break the news to you I know I know it's
hard but somebody has to do it
because I want you to be successful I
want you to properly build your and
structure your business credit profile
out so you can get qualified for
business funding
which is different from business credit
right so once you qualify for business
funding when you focus on financial
trade lines now you can go to these
Banks and get business lines of credit
fifty thousand hundred thousand you can
get business credit lines right
unsecured business credit cards business
auto loans you can go get these things
because you have Financial trade lines
reporting on your business credit
profile
so let's not focus on down and Brands so
much let's focus on Experian business
Equifax business and let's focus on uh
business owner credit